V/O: Horsin' Around is filmed before a live studio audience.

SABRINA: Mondays.

BOJACK: Well, good morning to you too.

SABRINA: Oh, hey.

BOJACK: Where? I'd love hay.

CHARLIE ROSE: In 1987, the situation comedy Horsin' Around premiered on ABC.

CHARLIE ROSE: The show, in which a young, bachelor horse is forced to reevaluate his priorities when he agrees to raise three human children, was initially dismissed by critics as broad and saccharine and not good, but the family comedy struck a chord with America and went on to air for nine seasons. The star of Horsin' Around, BoJack Horseman, is our guest tonight.
Welcome, BoJack.

BOJACK: It is good to be here, Charlie. Sorry I was late. The traffic-

CHARLIE ROSE: It's really no problem.

BOJACK: I parked in a handicapped spot. I hope that's okay.

CHARLIE ROSE: You parked in a-

BOJACK: I'm sorry, disabled spot. Is that the proper nomenclature?

CHARLIE ROSE: Maybe you should move the car.

BOJACK: No, I don't think I should drive right now. I'm incredibly drunk.

CHARLIE ROSE: You're telling me that you're drunk right now?

BOJACK: Is it just me, or am I nailing this interview? I kind of feel like I'm nailing it.

CHARLIE ROSE: Yes. Anyway, we were talking about Horsin' Around.
To what do you attribute the show's wide appeal?

BOJACK: Charlie, listen, you know, I know that it's very hip these days to shit all over Horsin' Around, but at the time, I can tell you - Is it okay to say "shit"? -

CHARLIE ROSE: Please don't.

BOJACK: 'Cause I I think the show's actually pretty solid for what it is.
It's not Ibsen, sure, but look, for a lot of people, life is just one long, hard kick in the urethra, and sometimes when you get home from a long day of getting kicked in the urethra, you just want to watch a show about good, likable people who love each other, where, you know, no matter what happens, at the end of 30 minutes, everything's gonna turn out okay.
You know, because in real life Did I already say the thing about the urethra?

CHARLIE ROSE: Well, let's talk about real life. What have you been doing since the show's cancellation?

BOJACK: That's a great question, Charlie.
I, uh Uh, I Um

MAURY: In the case of one-year-old Phoenix, you are the father.

TODD: Morning, sunshine.

TODD: Why so gloomy, roomie?

BOJACK: First of all, we're not roommates. You are my houseguest.

TODD: Well, we don't need to put labels on things.

BOJACK: You sleep on my couch, and you don't pay rent. I've had tapeworms that were less parasitic.
I don't even remember why I let you stay with me in the first place.

TODD: Because my parents kicked me out, and I had nowhere to go, and even though you don't want anyone to know it-

TODD: You secretly have a good heart.

BOJACK: You told me they didn't approve of your "alternative lifestyle.
I thought you were, like, a troubled gay teen or something.
I didn't realize by "alternative lifestyle" that you meant you were lazy.

TOD: That's on you for making assumptions. Also, if you're looking for the Toaster Strudels, I got really high last night and ate them all.

TODD: Did you say you've had tapeworms?

PINKY: Thanks for meeting me here.
I would have invited you to my office, but the electric company shut off our power.

BOJACK: That's unfortunate.

PINKY: Just an issue with the bank and a lack of money in it. Now, as you know, Penguin is very eager to publish your memoirs, but you keep missing your deadlines.

BOJACK: I know, and I'm sorry, but I am making great progress.

BOJACK: BoJack Horseman: The BoJack Horseman Story, written by BoJack Horseman.
Chapter one.
Chapter one.
Chapter One.

PINKY: Look, we really need a bestseller here at Penguin. Things are not that great for me, money wise.

BOJACK: Aren't you an editor at a major publishing house?

PINKY: Yeah, a publishing house. When was the last time you saw a book?

BOJACK: I thought I saw someone reading one in the park the other day, but it turned out it was a takeout menu.

WAITRESS: Whenever you're ready.

PINKY: We're living month to month here. We're kind of counting on your autobiography to save the company, no pressure.

BOJACK: That's actually a lot of pressure.

PINKY: Have you considered working with a ghostwriter?

BOJACK: Ugh, no, thank you. Look, just give me one more week, and I will give you some pages that'll knock your ass back to the South Pole.

PINKY: I'm from Cincinnati. It - that doesn't matter. I'll call you in a week.

BOJACK: Yes, one week. I'm telling you, this book is a top priority for me.

BOJACK: Oh, right. Yeesh.

BOJACK ON TV: You're wearing that to the prom?

SARAH: What, you don't think it's cute?

BOJACK ON TV: Neigh way, Jose.

BOJACK: "Neigh way, Jose." I improvised that line.
I mean, it was written, but I gave it the old BoJack spin.

TODD: Hey, how many times have you watched this episode?

BOJACK: Yeah, but do you get it, though? Because "nay" means no, but it's also a thing that horses say.
It works on every level.

TODD: I get it.

BOJACK: Ah, you don't get it.

TODD: Are you drunk?

BOJACK: Todd, I weigh over 1,200 pounds. It takes a lot of beer to get me drunk.

Yes.

TODD: Ah, yeah, I see. You're just bummed out because Princess Carolyn dumped you last night.

CAROLYN: BoJack, we need to talk.

BOJACK: Hey, check out the rug on that guy.

TURTLETAUB: Slow and steady, am I right, ladies? 

BOJACK: Who does he think he's fooling? Turtles don't have hair.

CAROLYN: Stop embarrassing me. That is Lenny Turteltaub.

BOJACK: You know, I am not crazy about the bread here.
Mm. Why do I keep eating it?

CAROLYN: BoJack, can you please just listen for a second?

BOJACK: You have my undivided attention.

CAROLYN: I think we should see other people.

BOJACK: Were we not seeing other people?

GIRL: BoJack, I'm almost there.

BOJACK: Wait. Shh! Shut up.

BOJACK ON TV: Now, that's a horse of a different - cruller?

BOJACK: Oh! God, that's good comedy.

CAROLYN: BoJack!

BOJACK: What? Everyone gets a mulligan, and my mulligan was Carey Mulligan.
I'm kidding, jeez.
It was Emily Mortimer.

BOJACK: What is the problem here? Are you embarrassed of me because I'm a has-been? Because you know that I'm writing that book that is gonna make everybody love me again.

CAROLYN: You're not really writing a book.

BOJACK: Well, I already spent my advance, so that's a first step.

CAROLYN: Look, this has been a lot of fun, but I need to start thinking about my future.
I mean, you don't even respect me enough to have a baby with me.

BOJACK: Whoa, what? I never explicitly said that.

CAROLYN: You said it with your actions.

BOJACK: What actions?

CAROLYN: Oh, look at that baby. Isn't he the cutest baby you ever saw?

BOJACK: What? What? What? No, no, wha 

COP: Step away from the stolen vehicle, sir!

BOJACK: No, no, no. Misunderstanding, officer.
I was running away from my girlfriend whom I don't respect enough to have a baby with.

COP: Hey, aren't you the horse from Horsin' Around?

CAROLYN: Oh, face it.
You're afraid of commitment.

BOJACK: I'm not afraid of commitment. I commit to things all the time.
It's the following through on that commitment that I take issue with.

CAROLYN: Hey, stupid, isn't that your friend over there? Oh, Mr.

BOJACK: Peanutbutter? God, I hope he doesn't see us.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Is that BoJack Horseman?

BOJACK: Oh, jeez, here we go.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Mr. Peanutbutter and BoJack Horseman in the same room.
What is this, a crossover episode?

BOJACK: You know, that gets funnier every time.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You're being sarcastic, but I think it does actually get funnier every time.

BOJACK: We're actually in the middle of breaking up right now... so if you could just

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah? You're in the middle of it?

BOJACK: Yeah, that's right.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So would it be awkward if I joined you right now?

BOJACK: Yes, actually, it's very awkward. Is that not clear?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, this is awkward right now?

BOJACK: Yes, please leave.

CAROLYN: How are you, Mr.Peanutbutter?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, living the dream, P.C., living the dream.

BOJACK: Why are you making conversation?

CAROLYN: Oh, let's see, it's the English word: It's called being polite, BoJack.

BOJACK: But am I crazy that this is a bad time?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Always a Clydesdale, never a Clyde, eh, BoJack?

BOJACK: What?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You'll get that one later, man.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Erica, get out of here with that face!

CAROLYN: Would it kill you to be civil? This is why we're breaking up.

BOJACK: So it's not because of the thing with the baby?

CAROLYN: It's because of a lot of things! Waiter, could we please have the check? Thank you.

BOJACK: We haven't even ordered yet.

CAROLYN: I have wasted so many dinners on you, BoJack Horseman. I don't know how you can expect anyone else to love you when you so clearly hate yourself.

WAITER: Here you go.

BOJACK: Let me see that. $10 for bread?

BOJACK: I don't want to live in a society where the pre-meal bread isn't free.

WAITER: It is free if you order a meal.

CAROLYN: Can you take me home, please?

BOJACK: Yeah, but I didn't even eat that much bread. What did I have? I must have had-

WAITER: You ate nine baskets, sir.

BOJACK: Nine really? Great, now I'm gonna feel like a fat ass all week.

ENT: Driving home in car

BOJACK: You've seen me naked. Do you think I'm getting chubby?

CAROLYN: You want to know the real reason we're breaking up?

BOJACK: What was that? Sorry. Couldn't hear you over the sound of my calories not metabolizing.

CAROLYN: This is so classic you. You're using this bread thing to avoid talking about our relationship.

BOJACK: No, that is definitely not happening.

CAROLYN: I'd like to go home now.

BOJACK: You think I'm fat.

BOJACK: So yeah, technically I was dumped, but the real headline of the evening was, "Dumb guy eats bread, gets fat, the end."

TODD: What kind of headline is that?

BOJACK: Wasn't there a pizza here a second ago? God damn it! Stop the presses.

TODD: You're not fat. Oh, hey, let's throw a party. That'll cheer you up.

BOJACK: No, it won't. It'll cheer you up.

BOJACK: I'll stand in the corner by myself eating cotton candy until I barf like I did at your last party.

STRANGER: Hey, aren't you the horse from Horsin' Around?

TODD:That was a good party. Hey, didn't we get a cotton candy machine for that party?

BOJACK: Who told you Princess Carolyn and I broke up?

TODD: She did.

BOJACK: What?

CAROLYN: You never took me home, jerk!

BOJACK: Oh, everything's my fault.

CAROLYN: Take me home.

BOJACK: Okay, jeez. But I'm not looking for parking in Silver Lake.
I'll slow the car down to a crawl, and you can duck and roll.

CAROLYN: You know what, you can take a last look at this face, because it's the last time you're gonna see it-
Hey-up! 

OPERATOR: Hello? I've got Princess Carolyn for you.

BOJACK: Uh, okay.

CAROLYN: BoJack.

BOJACK: Oh, my God, we just broke up.

CAROLYN: Yeah, but I'm still your agent. I pride myself on my ability to separate my professional life from my personal life.

BOJACK: Great. Then, as my agent, do you think I'm getting fat?

CAROLYN: No way. You are in the prime of your life, never looked better.

BOJACK: What about as my ex-girlfriend?

CAROLYN: You look like a pile of crap ate a second pile of crap and then crapped out a third pile of crap.

BOJACK: Wait, wait, so which pile of crap do I look like?

CAROLYN: The third one.

BOJACK: What? That's the worst one.

CAROLYN: I'm not calling you as your ex. I'm calling you as your agent.
Remember that book you're pretending to write? Well, Penguin wants an update on your progress.
Does Tuesday work for you, or are you gonna be too busy this week masturbating to old pictures of yourself?

BOJACK: I told you, that's not what was happening that time. I was masturbating to what the picture represented.
You walked in at the worst possible moment!

CAROLYN: So, Tuesday, though?

BOJACK: Yes, fine!

PINKY: You don't have anything?

BOJACK: Hey, you got the electricity back. Good for you.

PINKY: This company is in dire straits. We made a series of very bad investments.
Ever hear of a young adult franchise called the Swamp Monsters of Malibu?

BOJACK: Uh, no.

PINKY: Then why did we spend $20 million on marketing?
Cries and slams on his desk
It's okay, Pinky, go to your happy place.
Uh Look, I know you're a busy guy.

BOJACK: Actually, I am a busy guy. I live a very active lifestyle.

SARAH LYNN: : Can't I just stay home with you?

BOJACK ON TV: I know kindergarten is scary, but you're a big girl now, and you have to be brave.

SARAH LYNN: Okay, Daddy.

BOJACK ON TV: Wait, did you just call me "Daddy"?

BOJACK: Little Sabrina grew up right before our eyes, right, Todd? Todd? Todd!

TODD: What?

BOJACK: Did Sabrina grow up before our eyes?

TODD: Yes!

PINKY: We're tired of waiting. We're hiring you a ghostwriter.

BOJACK: Diane "Nugent"?

PINKY: She's great, and she's got a thing for horses. Check this out.

BOJACK: Hey, Secretariat. You know, I always wanted to play Secretariat in a movie.
He's kind of my personal hero. Could never get the project off the ground, though.
I mean, there was this one time I came close in the '90s, but then those pre-Fontaine movies came out and people got tired of seeing him running on-screen.

PINKY: Don't tell me. Tell her!

BOJACK: She's cute.

PINKY: Call her. That's a loan, by the way.
We can't afford to be giving out free books to people, but you can take anything you want from the Swamp Monsters swag box.

BOJACK: Oh, God, I'm a failure.

TODD: Oh, you're not a failure.

BOJACK: Why did I say I could write a book?

TODD: Because you have an amazing story to tell. Relax.

BOJACK: Relax? Easy for you to say, you hippie. You've never had a day of stress in your life.

Flashback to a dark room, Todd is getting pummeled by a rhino

TODD: Ow. Why?

MOB BOSS: And that's for trying to sell E on the cartel's turf.

TODD: Oh, where's Gabriela?

MOB BOSS: She went back to Mexico City, ese, to be with her husband.

TODD: What? No! - Gabriela, why?

BOJACK: Who? We were talking about me. Can you try to focus for, like, a second?

TODD: Oh, yeah, sorry. You were saying?

BOJACK: Never should have signed this book deal. You know what my problem is? I can't say no to people because I want everyone to like me.

TODD: You want everyone to like you?

BOJACK: Yeah, why? Do people not like me?

TODD: for 10 minutes Uh Uh What were we talking about?

BOJACK: I can see the headline now, "Stupid BoJack writes a stupid book about his stupid life, nobody cares."

TODD: What newspapers are you reading?

CAROLYN: Hey, why don't you just let that lady write your book and be done with it?

BOJACK: Better question, why are you in my kitchen?

CAROLYN: I'm making breakfast. We had sex last night, dummy.

BOJACK: Ugh, I really got to start putting my phone on airplane mode when I drink.

BOJACK: This lady probably thinks I'm just some dumb sitcom actor.
I hate her and her stupid, impossible-to-pronounce last name, Na-goo-ya-go-goo-goo-goo-ga.

TODD: You haven't even met her. Give her a chance. Oh, you should invite her to the party.

BOJACK: What party? Why are you so obsessed with throwing a party all of a sudden?

MOB BOSS: You know how much money we lost 'cause of you? I can't even afford a hall now for my daughter's 15th birthday, and now I got a hundred guests coming and nowhere to put them. You owe me a party, cabrÃ³n, and if you don't deliver [muffled whimpers] [gunshot]

ENT: Bojack's living room

TODD: Because parties are fun?

BOJACK: This book is really important to me. I don't want to just hand it off to some stranger.

CAROLYN: If it's so important, why have you written literally nothing in a year and a half?

BOJACK: It's too much pressure. This book is my one shot at preserving my legacy.
I'm a joke, and if this book isn't good, I'm gonna be a joke forever.
Everyone thinks that I'm just this washed-up hack, but actually Oh, God, actually, what if they're right? I can't breathe.
Am I dying? Toast. I smell burning toast!

CAROLYN: Oh, my God, my toast!

BOJACK: Todd, on my grave, I want it to say that I was born in 1975.

TODD: No one's gonna believe-

BOJACK: Damn it, can't you respect a dying man's wish?

TODD: You're not dying.

DOCTOR: Well, we did everything we could.
Nurse, record the time of death. It doesn't get easier. It never gets easier.

SABRINA: What I don't What do you mean he's dead?

DOCTOR: That's right, sweetheart. He died of a broken heart because you didn't appreciate him enough, and now he's gone forever.

BOJACK: We might have gone too dark on that series finale.

DOCTOR: I'm required to hand you over to the child protective services.
You're the state's problem now.

TODD: Do you just take those DVDs with you everywhere you go?

BOJACK: Linus walked around with a blanket. No one gave him shit for it.

CAROLYN: How long is that doctor going to take? I have a meeting with another client at 3:00.

BOJACK: You have other clients?

CAROLYN: No, I make a living off you sitting on your ass all day.

BOJACK: Are your other clients more talented than I am? Your silence speaks volumes.

CAROYLN: That was my intention

PIG DOCTOR: Well, BoJack, it looks like what you experienced was a mild anxiety attack.

BOJACK: Jesus, if that's mild, I don't want to know what spicy feels like.
Too smart for the room? It was a salsa joke, people.

PIG DOCTOR: You've been overstressed. I need you to take it easy.

CAROLYN: Take it easy, are you kidding? He doesn't have a job. He has no real responsibilities.
He doesn't do anything but take it easy.

PIG DOCTOR: Well, can you take it even easier?

BOJACK: I can try, doctor. I can try.

CAROLYN: This book deal is obviously stressing you out. Will you just call the ghostwriter already?

BOJACK: What, you want me to call this woman on the phone? 

PIG DOCTOR: Well, you just had another anxiety attack.

BOJACK: And Entertainment Weekly said I wasn't consistent. Really, not even a pity laugh? I did almost die.

TODD: Ha.

PIG DOCTOR: I have to check on some other patients.

BOJACK: You have other patients?

TODD: BoJack, let's have a party, okay? I'll organize the whole thing. You can invite the ghostwriter and have a nice, casual conversation in a fun, pressure-free environment.

BOJACK: Okay, fine. We'll have a party.

TODD: Oh, thank God.

BOJACK: But we're not getting a cotton candy machine.
I can't control myself around those things.

TODD: I totally hear what you are saying, and I will do my best.

MOB BOSS: Senor Horseman, I will never forget your generosity today. You have made a powerful ally for life. Mwah. Let's dance!

BOJACK: Todd, who was that guy? Who are all these people?

TODD: Oh, you know, just a variety of folks from all walks of life.

BOJACK: Is this a Quinceanera?

TODD: Oh, so any party with Mexican teenage girls is a Quinceanera? Now who's racist? 

BOJACK: I find that pinata offensive.

TODD: If you'll excuse me, I have a Virgin of Guadalupe pendant to present.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack! Oh, good Lord.

BOJACK: Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Can you believe this, the two of us in the same house? Is this a crossover episode? No, I'm just kidding around, man. Seriously, though, how are you?

BOJACK: Well, I've been kind of up and -

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:Living the dream, huh? Yeah. Hey, we'll catch up later, all right? I want to talk to you. Erica, how are you looking so beautiful? I'm furious.

DIANE: Hey, BoJack, right? BoJack Horseman?

BOJACK: Yes. Oh, I'm I'm sorry, I don't want to mispronounce your name.

DIANE: It's Diane.

BOJACK: Oh, Diane.

DIANE: Thanks for inviting me to your party. Sorry I haven't really been mingling. I get kind of awkward at parties.

BOJACK: Have you tried alcohol?

DIANE: I don't know. Parties make me anxious in a real broad sense. Like, look at that guy. He's having fun. Why haven't I figured it out?

BOJACK: What guy?

DIANE: No, there's no guy there. I'm just saying, like, a guy, you know?

BOJACK: Oh, okay, yeah.

DIANE: I'm probably just overthinking it because I never got the practice because I didn't get invited to any parties in high school.
What am I talking about? You don't care about any of that. Shut up, Diane. You're at a party, compliment the host.
You have a lovely home.

BOJACK: Yeah, well, if you're gonna throw away most of your adult life on some dumb sitcom, you might as well get a sweet house out of the deal, right?

DIANE: So what are you working on these days?

BOJACK: Well, mostly I just sit around the house and complain about things.

DIANE: Yeah, how's that working out for you?

BOJACK: I can't complain, so you know.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, I will not have sex with you! This girl wants me to have sex with her. No, I'm just kidding around. You're a good sport.

BOJACK: Ugh, you know who that is?

DIANE: Mr. Peanutbutter?

BOJACK: Yeah, he was on that show Mr. Peanutbutter's House about that dog who adopted the three human kids.
What a dumb idea for a TV show.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You people are all right. Who wants an autograph?

BOJACK He's so stupid he doesn't realize how miserable he should be. I envy that.

DIANE: Hey, do you know the story of the dad from The Brady Bunch?

BOJACK: Do I know his story? If I recall correctly, he was bringing up three boys of his own.

DIANE: Right, but-

BOJACK: They were four men living all together, but they were all alone. That is profoundly sad.

DIANE: No, the story is that the guy who played the dad hated being on The Brady Bunch because he was a real actor, and he considered it beneath him. Sound familiar?

BOJACK: That's not all that was beneath him. Gay joke. Sorry, I'm better than that.

DIANE: Most people don't even get to do The Brady Bunch version of the thing they want to do with their lives. You're actually in a really good position now, because you can pretty much do anything you want. You're responsible for your own happiness, you know?

BOJACK: Good Lord, that's depressing.

DIANE: No, it's not.

BOJACK: I'm responsible for my own happiness? I can't even be responsible for my own breakfast.

Flashback to Bojack struggling to make his own cereal

BOJACK: Todd! I need help.

DIANE:What would make you happy?

BOJACK: Well, finishing my memoir, I guess.

DIANE: Is that all? I can help you with that.

BOJACK: Yeah? I mean, would you even want to? You'd have to spend a lot of time with me. You'd probably get sick of me.

DIANE: I don't think that's going to happen.

BOJACK: No?

DIANE: No, BoJack.

BOJACK: Okay. Well, then I guess you're hired, but don't put all that stuff about how sad I am in the book.

DIANE: Oh, that doesn't count. We weren't on the clock yet.

BOJACK: Yeah, exactly. You're only my ghostwriter starting nah - Starting now.

DIANE: You got it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack!

BOJACK: Ugh, this guy.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, man, wanted to let you know, you are out of beer. Oh, I see you've met my beautiful girlfriend, Diane Nguyen.

BOJACK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a second. You drank all my beer? Also, you two are dating?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah.

BOJACK: You're dating him?

DIANE: Yes.

BOJACK: This is your boyfriend?

DIANE: That is correct.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh-huh.

BOJACK: You are going out with you?

BOTH: Uh-huh.

BOJACK: But in a sexual way, not just as friends?

DIANE: That's right.

BOJACK: You have seen her naked.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Many times, yes.

BOJACK: You are attracted to this?

DIANE: Yes.

BOJACK: This penis has been inside this vagina.

DIANE: Yep.

BOJACK: But in a sexual way.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, yes.

BOJACK: Ugh. Oh, my God.

DIANE: Are you okay?

BOJACK: I'm just...I'm fine. I'm just I'm really happy for you. 

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Should we get someone, or-

BOJACK: No, everything's Oh, this is really Wonderful. Oh, God. Starting now.

BARTENDER: Say "when."

BOJACK: When.

PAM: Yeah, you'll never guess who's here—Think '90s—No, BoJack Horseman from Horsin' Around—No, I mean, he got a little fatter, but it's definitely him. He looks really sad. It's hilarious. (laughs) Get over here now.

BOJACK: I told you, I don't know where it is. Don't put things in my butt if you want them back.

LAURA: And hold for Princess Carolyn, please.

BOJACK: Thanks, Laura.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, it's your favorite agent.

BOJACK: Yeah, some agent, you couldn't even get me in the room for War Horse. There were, like, ten horses in that movie. I didn't need to be the warhorse.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, dummy, I want to make sure you're all set for your first day with Diane tomorrow.

BOJACK: Is she gonna ask me a bunch of personal questions?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: The woman we're paying to ghostwrite your memoir? Yeah, probably.

BOJACK: Okay, all right, there's no need to get—

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What, catty? Are you gonna say "catty"

BOJACK: I was not gonna say "catty."

PRINESS CAROLYN: Oh, what were you gonna say?

BOJACK: I was gonna say "catty" because you're a cat.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Goodbye, BoJack.

BOJACK: Laura, I know you're listening. You got it, right?

PRINESS CAROLYN: Laura, do not respond to him. Goodbye, BoJack.

BOJACK: She got it.

GIRLS: Oh, my God. Take another one. Take another one.

BOJACK: Excuse me, I just wanted you to know that you ruined someone else's night tonight, and I hope you have enough decency to at least feel a little bit crappy about it.

PAM: Excuse me?

BOJACK: I was actually already in a bad mood, but I thought maybe for one night, I could go out to a bar and try to forget about myself, but now because of you and your friends, I feel more self-conscious than ever.

PAM: If we were bothering you so much, why didn't you just leave?

BOJACK: Because I didn't think of that, and now I feel stupid.

PAM: Look, I have a right to be here.

BOJACK: No! Maybe because you're skinny and maybe 'cause you're pretty, you're used to getting away with things, but I want you to know that your actions have an effect on others,and I hate you, and you are a horrible person, and you not understanding that you're a horrible person doesn't make you less of a horrible person.

PAM: You think I'm pretty?

BOJACK: Well, that was another in a long series of regrettable life choices.

PAM: What'd you say? I was tweeting about all the weird stuff you do in bed.

PAM: Good morning.

BOJACK: Ah! Why are you here?

PAM: I slept here.

BOJACK: Yeah, but why are you still here?

PAM: Breakfast.

BOJACK: That better not be my last Toaster Strudel.

PAM: No, there were three left.

BOJACK: Well, get out of here. My memoirist is gonna show up soon, and I don't need you— What's your name?

PAM: Pam.

BOJACK: I don't need you Pamm-ing up the place when she gets here.

DIANE: Hey, BoJack.

BOJACK: Ah! Why are you here?

DIANE: You told me to come at nine.

BOJACK: That doesn't sound like me.

DIANE: I have your email right here. "Diane, why don't you come over Tuesday morning at nine? Also, you should bring this email with you, because I might not remember it, because I just took a bunch of horse tranquilizers, ha-ha. Also, please don't put in my book that I use horse tranquilizers, ha-ha. I just use a small dose to help me fall asleep at night and then a much, much larger dose to get me through the day. Also, I'm drunk. Also, I'm alone, so alone, so, so alone. Please don't put that in my book, book, book, book—'em, dildo. Does it taste like magenta in here?" Then I think you fell asleep on the keyboard because it just says the letter "b" twenty-seven times.

BOJACK: That does sound like me. Well, anyway, this is my—business-person—

PAM: Excuse me?

BOJACK: Here to help me with some business needs. All very above board.

PAM: Uh, what'd you say?

BOJACK: No need to mention her in the book either, unless it's a business book.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ha ha, classic BoJack.

BOJACK: Why are you here?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, funny story, I'm filming a reality show later, so I thought I'd drop by with the old tennis ball and chain.

BOJACK: That is neither funny, nor a story, nor a reason for you to drop by.

DIANE: Aw, he just wanted to come over and brag about his reality show.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Get this, I am starring in a pilot presentation for a celebrity reality show. It's pretty cutting edge, huh?

BOJACK: Yeah, if it's 2003.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ha ha. Don't tell VH1 that. Seriously, though, please don't tell VH1 that. We are calling it Peanutbutter and Jelly. Get it? Because I'm Mr. Peanutbutter.

BOJACK: Okay, who's jelly?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, no, no. It's like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. It's wordplay.

BOJACK: You may have too forgiving a definition of the word "wordplay."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, it's a working title.

BOJACK: Well, it could be working harder, and that's wordplay. How'd you even get in here?

DIANE: Your roommate let us in.

TODD: "Mi casa es su casa."

BOJACK: And that is the last of the Toaster Strudels, and now my morning is ruined.

TODD: Could you guys keep it down, okay? I'm kind of on a date right now. "In America, I am actually considered very handsome."

BOJACK: Okay, I'm gonna go get breakfast, and when I get back, I want everyone out of my house except for —you and you and—Who are you again?

PAM: The girl you had sex with.

BOJACK: Right. You definitely should have already been gone.

POODLE LADY: I really shouldn't eat chocolate 'cause it can literally kill me.

CORGI LADY: Oh, I know.

POODLE LADY: But I love chocolate.

CORGI LADY: Story of my life.

NEAL MCBEAL: Hey, excuse me.

BOJACK: Yes, I am BoJack Horseman, star of Horsin' Around.

NEAL MCBEAL: Yeah, okay, I don't care. Those are my muffins.

BOJACK: I'm sorry, I—I don't understand. Did you bring them into the store with you or?

NEAL MCBEAL: No, but I was going to buy them. That's the last box, and I had dibs on them.

BOJACK: Really? You had dibs?

NEAL MCBEAL: Yeah, dibs. I just put them down for a second while I went to the bathroom.

BOJACK: Look, I don't even want the muffins. I was just looking at them, but I got to say, if you put muffins down, they're not your muffins.

NEAL MCBEAL: So what, I was supposed to take them into the bathroom with me?

BOJACK: You didn't even put the muffins in a cart. You just left them out here.

NEAL MCBEAL: Yeah, in the produce section. Clearly, muffins aren't supposed to be in the produce section. That wasn't a sign to you that maybe someone else had dibs?

BOJACK: Look, I don't want to get into a whole thing here.

NEAL MCBEAL: Then give me the muffins.

BOJACK No, 'cause maybe now I want the muffins.

NEAL MCBEAL: You think that because you're a pseudo-celebrity, normal rules don't apply to you?

BOJACK: Pseudo?! Would you say that to Eric McCormack? Look, I've had a rough morning, so I don't need—

NEAL MCBEAL: You've had a rough morning? I spent the last ten months—Hey!

BOJACK: Sorry, wasn't listening. See ya'.

NEAL MCBEAL: You're going to regret this, BoJack Horseman.

BOJACK: Oh, really? I'm gonna regret buying muffins? What, have they got a lot of saturated fat in them? Oh, man, they do have a lot of saturated fat. Why'd I buy these?

BOJACK: Man, I really regret buying those muffins and then eating them all on the drive home.

TODD: Well, my date with Ayako went really well. Thanks for asking.

BOJACK: I specifically didn't ask, and I'll thank you to respect my total lack of interest in your personal life.

TODD: She's hilarious. I never met a girl who was so curious about American bank routing numbers.

BOJACK: Still not interested.

DIANE: Should we get started on the book?

BOJACK: What's your hurry?

TODD: What do you guys think I should get Ayako for our twelve-hour anniversary? She wants a framed picture of my mother's maiden name.

BOJACK: Okay, let's get to work.

DIANE: Let's start at the beginning. What was your childhood like?

BOJACK: Normal.

DIANE: Normal?

BOJACK: Yeah, it was, uh, normal—normal childhood stuff.

BEATRICE: Here's your omelet. I'm sorry it's not as good as the omelets your secretary makes, but then you're not married to your secretary, are you?

BUTTERSCOTCH: Well, maybe if my secretary also refused to get an abortion, I would be.

BOJACK: Mommy, can I have an omelet?

BEATRICE: You're the birthday boy.

BOJACK: Normal childhood, and then just get right into the big, famous part.

DIANE: Look, if you're not ready to talk, we can wait

BOJACK: I am ready to talk. Why wouldn't I want to talk about my parents? They're so normal. That's crazy. You sound like a crazy person, not me. Stop being so crazy, crazy. Why are you calling me crazy?

DIANE: Okay. Was your father—

BOJACK: Hold on, I got to take this. Hello?

LAURA: Hey, BoJack, I've got Princess Carolyn for you. It's urgent.

BOJACK: Great, put her on.

LAURA: Just a sec. I'll see if she's available.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, are you watching MSNBSea right now?

BOJACK: Great question. Well, I didn't fall down on my remote, randomly changing the channel to MSNBSea while simultaneously crippling myself, thus physically forcing me to watch MSNBSea, so no. No, I'm not watching MSNBSea right now.

PRINESS CAROLYN: Yeah, well, Hamlet, you might want to turn it on. They're talking about you.

BOJACK: Ooh! Good things, I hope.

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Our guest via satellite is Neal McBeal, a naval officer on leave from Afghanistan. Welcome to the program, Neal.

NEAL MCBEAL: Thank you, Tom.

BOJACK: Hey, I met this guy.

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: All Neal wanted when he got home and I emphasize, from Afghanistan was his favorite brand of breakfast muffins. When he went to the supermarket and called dibs on the last box -- Well, tell us what happened, Neal.

NEAL MCBEAL: BoJack Horseman, from the '90s sitcom Horsin' Around, refused to respect my dibs.

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Have you no shame, BoJack Horseman? Seen here sneezing at a Christmas party.

BOJACK: Oh, not the sneezing pic—Why do they always use the sneezing picture?!

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: In the '90s, we laughed at your antics. Oh, how we laughed. "Ha ha ha," we chortled in rapturous glee. But when you deny the dibs called by our men and women on the frontlines, that is a sick joke, sir. A sick, sick joke, indeed, and you'll forgive me if I chortle no longer, for to me—there is nothing the least bit funny about stealing a meal from Neal McBeal, the Navy Seal. [blows out water]

TODD: Wait, wait, you stole muffins from a Navy Seal?

BOJACK: I didn't know he was a Navy Seal. I just thought he was the regular kind of seal.

NEAL MCBEAL: This is classic Hollywood elitism. BoJack Horseman thinks that because he was on TV, that makes him better than everybody. Well, guess what, BoJack, now I'm on TV, so now I'm better than everybody!

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: That's right, Neal.

BOJACK: You didn't even have dibs, you stupid sea cow. You guys think I should call in and set the record straight?

DIANE: BoJack, these people feed off controversy. If you dignify the story with a response, it's just gonna fan—

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: I'm now receiving word that we've got BoJack himself on the phone.

BOJACK: Sorry, stopped listening. You were ramping up to a "yes," right?

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: BoJack, what you did today was a slap in the face of America's heroes. Will, you, apologize?

BOJACK: Okay, enough about America's heroes. Can we talk about dibs? Because he didn't even really have dibs. If he had legitimate dibs—

NEAL MCBEAL: Oh, I had dibs on the muffins. I hid them in the produce section!

BOJACK: You left them totally out in the open. That's hiding? How did you survive in Afghanistan?

NEAL MCBEAL: Those are my muffins! You give me back my muffins!

BOJACK: Hey, guess what, I can't give them back 'cause I ate them all, okay?

TODD: Dude.

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Hold on, just to be clear, since this morning, you ate all the muffins?

BOJACK: Yeah, I ate them all in one sitting because I have no self-control and I hate myself. Is that what you want to hear?

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Neal, was it a small container of muffins, like two to four muffins?

NEAL MCBEAL: No, Tom, there were a good deal more than that.

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Can you remember exactly how many muffins were in the box?

BOJACK: Yeah, there were exactly twelve! I ate twelve muffins, and I didn't even want one! There's your goddamn news story, the mystery of my missing goddamn self-respect! How'd I come off?

TODD: Well, that went slightly better than the worst it could have possibly gone, so—hooray?

BOJACK: It's not even about the muffins. Everyone is just out to get me because I'm famous and so well-adjusted.

DIANE: Well, at least you've got some privacy. My boyfriend's filming a reality show at our house. If I want to be alone, I have to go to the roof because it's the only place they don't have insurance to film.

BOJACK: You go on the roof?

DIANE: Yeah, just to get some work done. Is that really weird?

BOJACK: No, it's adorable.

DIANE: When I was a kid, I used to climb onto the roof with my dad and look at the stars. What about you? Were you close with your father?

BOJACK: Happy Father's Day, Daddy.

BUTTERSCOTCH: What is this supposed to be, a Lima bean?

BOJACK: It's a heart.

BUTTERSCOTCH: That's some shoddy craftsmanship, son.

BOJACK: I tried my best.

BUTTERSCOTCH: No, you didn't. You slacked off and took the easy way out. In this world, you can either do things the easy way or the right way. You take a boat from here to New York, you gonna go around the horn like a gentleman or cut through the Panama Canal like some kind of democrat?

BOJACK: Um, the canal?

BUTTERSCOTCH: You go around the horn the way God intended!

BOJACK: Uneventful.

DIANE: What?

BOJACK: What?

DIANE: I asked if you were close with your father, and you sat here in silence for five minutes and then said, "Uneventful."

BOJACK: You know what, this is a really good conversation, and I definitely want to keep having it, but I just keep thinking about the muffins thing, so maybe we could put a pin in this thorough deconstruction of my past, so I can put that other thing to bed before it spirals out of con

NEAL MCBEAL: I had dibs! My dibs were on those muffins!

BOJACK: Your dibs were void!

NEAL MCBEAL: I spent a year in Afghanistan making America safer, and this is the thanks I get?

BOJACK: Really, you, specifically, made America safer?

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Well, BoJack, surely, even you would agree that the troops are heroes.

BOJACK: I don't agree to that. Maybe some of the troops are heroes but not automatically. I'm sure a lot of the troops are jerks. Most people are jerks already, and it's not like giving a jerk a gun and telling him it's okay to kill people suddenly turns that jerk into a hero. [Beat] What?

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Did you just say you think the troops are jerks?

BOJACK: Oh, you took that the bad way, didn't you?

BOJACK: "I'm sure a lot of the troops are jerks." No, no, no.

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: The troops are jerks?

BOJACK: Oh, God. "Most people are jerks already, and it's not like giving a jerk a gun—"

BOJACK: Hello?

LAURA: Princess Carolyn needs to talk to you immediately.

BOJACK: Great, put her on.

LAURA: She's actually just getting out of a meeting. Can you hold for a sec?

BOJACK: You called me.

BOJACK: Ugh. 

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack.

BOJACK: Ah!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm gonna level with you, honey. This whole you hating the troops thing is not great.

BOJACK: I don't hate the troops. I just hate one specific troop. I don't even hate him, really. I just think that he's wrong about the muffins.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I know, BoJack just like always, you're right, and everyone else is wrong. But if you don't swallow your pride, this is never gonna let up. I know you're stubborn—

BOJACK: I'm not stubborn. I'm proud.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That's kind of the same thing.

BOJACK: No, it's an important distinction.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, fine. You're not stubborn. But I'm about to tell you something very important, so I want you to listen carefully. I'm getting another call. I'm gonna have to put you on hold.

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: It is now day three of the great "BoJack jerk-off"—Really? That's the name we came up with for this? Who came up with that? Was it Randy? Did Randy come up with that? Anyway, the former television actor who hates our troops has not left his home since his controversial remarks on Monday about how he hates the troops.

BEAR: BoJack Horseman makes me sick. He voiced his opinion, even though it was unpopular, and that's the most cowardly thing a person can do.

PAM: After we made love, he covered himself in sheets—like an Arab.

JOAN: At this very moment, Congress is voting on a major education bill that could completely restructure the—

TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Joan, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but we've got some big news on the BoJack Horseman front. It appears that BoJack's Lexus is coming out of the garage. This is very big news, indeed.

Reporter: Any comment on BoJack's controversial remarks this week?

Todd: Uh, nope.

BoJack: So where are we going?

Todd: Don't worry, I've got a plan.

Diane: Whoa! Jeez.

Todd: Ayako, hey, I need you to get me three tickets to Kyoto.

Ayako: "You son of a bitch! You told me you were an obscenely rich American entrepreneur. You had eighty dollars in your bank account."

Todd: Hey, I meant I was rich because I have friends like George Bailey.

Ayako: "Eighty! Who the shit is George Bailey? Do you have any idea how much work went into scamming you? George Bailey!"

Todd: Hello? Well, I'm out of ideas.

Diane: We can hide out at my place while we make a plan.

BoJack: Yeah, great, just get me away from the cameras.

BoJack: Do we really need to be filming this?

Mr. Peanutbutter: It's for my reality show. You never know when gold's gonna strike.

BoJack: Yeah, gold doesn't strike.

Mr. Peanutbutter: That's why you never know.

Princess Carolyn: BoJack, be nice.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Just pretend they're not there.

BoJack: Okay. Well, I—

Boom Mic Man: Could you speak up, please?

BoJack: I'd like to—

Boom Mic Man: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's too loud.

BoJack: I want to fix this as quickly as possible. I don't care who was right about the muffins anymore, even though I was definitely right. I just want my privacy back, so I can finish writing my tell-all memoir, so everyone will pay attention to me again.

Princess Carolyn: I've already reached out to the McBeal camp. He's willing to publicly forgive you if you publicly apologize and present to him a box of muffins as a symbol of your great admiration for the American military and everything they do.

BoJack: But I ate the muffins.

Princess Carolyn: I know. We got another box. It's in the cupboard.

BoJack: Oh, you were saving those? I ate those too.

Princess Carolyn: We've been here for ten minutes! It's okay, we'll get more muffins.

Todd: I'll get the muffins, and they're on me. I just found out I got 80 bucks in the bank. I'm helping! Hooray!

BoJack: So where are we gonna do this? Do I have to go on MSNBSea?

Princess Carolyn: No, we should do it somewhere people will actually see it.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, why don't you do it on Peanutbutter and Jelly?

BoJack: You can't call a show Peanutbutter and Jelly -- if there's no jelly.

Mr. Peanutbutter: It's a pun.

BoJack: It's not a pun if it only works one way.

Princess Carolyn: Is this a necessary conversation to be having right now?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Look, I know tempers are high, but let's not take it out on the great title for my reality show, which we all agree is really clever. We can edit this to make me look smart, right?

Mr. Peanutbutter: How's this look? Looks good? Okay.

Man: Marker, sound, speed.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, here I am, hanging out with my good friend -- BoJack Horseman, enjoying each other's company, as we often do.

BoJack: Yes, this is all very authentic and natural.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, someone's at the door! I will see who it is. Wow, this is a surprise. Neal McBeal.

Neal McBeal: Hello, sir. Thank you for inviting me into your home. It is lovely.

Mr. Peanutbutter: BoJack, is there anything you'd like to give Neal McBeal?

BoJack: Oh, yeah, Todd? What the hell is this?

Todd: I tried to buy the muffins, but my bank card got declined for some reason. But don't worry, I still saved the day because I found this bag of stale hamburger buns.

BoJack: I'm sorry?

Todd: Yeah, they're just giving them away behind In-'N'-Out. Why does anybody pay for anything? Ow!

BoJack: Uh, Neal, as a token of my admiration, please accept this—bag of stale hamburger buns.

Neal McBeal: What?

BoJack: Yes, hamburger buns. It's a—symbol for how we throw our veterans in the trash, sadly, far too often.

Neal McBeal: I'm listening.

BoJack: We send our muffins overseas, and they come back as stale hamburger buns, but that doesn't mean we should love them any less, because in their own way, aren't stale hamburger buns just as good? Mmm. American made.

Neal McBeal: So what you're saying is, you think I'm a hero.

BoJack: Well, I don't know if I—

Neal McBeal: Say it, BoJack. Say I'm a hero.

BoJack: You're a hero. The troops are all heroes, every single one.

Neal McBeal: Great.

BoJack: And I don't believe saying that cheapens the word and actually disrespects those we mean to honor by turning real people into political pawns.

Neal McBeal: Okay, you can let go of the bag now.

BoJack: Also, I am not deeply ambivalent about a seemingly mandated celebration of our military by a nation that claims to value peace telling our children that violence is never the answer while refusing to hold our own government to the same standard.

Neal McBeal: Yeah, me neither. I think we're in agreement here.

BoJack: Furthermore, I do not find it unbelievably appropriate that this conversation is taking place on reality television, a genre which thrives on chopping the complexities of our era into easily digestible chunks of empty catchphrases.

Neal McBeal: Okay.

BoJack: And finally, I don't—

Man: Hey, look, Mr.Peanutbutter got a bucket stuck on his head.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Guys, guys, where am I? Can someone tell me where I am?

Neal McBeal: Hey, where'd he get that bucket from? Who gave him a bucket? Ha-ha-ha

BoJack: Uh, actually, I had another point I wanted to make.

Todd: Yeah, but who doesn't love a dog with a bucket on his head? Come on. Bucket! Bucket! Bucket!

All: Bucket! Bucket! Bucket! Bucket!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, can anyone find a handle? Oh, thank you, my friend. You're a real hero.

BoJack: Unbelievable.

Mr. Peanutbutter: What's your name, young lady?

Angela: Well, my real name's Angela, but my friends call me "Jelly."

Mr. Peanutbutter: What?! Oh, my God, did we get that? Please tell me we got that.

BoJack: You want a day-old hamburger bun?

Diane: I'm all right. How'd it go down there?

BoJack: You know what the problem is with everybody? They all just want to hear what they already believe. No one ever wants to hear the truth.

Diane: I want to hear the truth. I don't know if you want to tell it, though.

BoJack: What do you mean?

Diane: Mr. Normal Childhood, Mr. Uneventful Father? Look, I can write you the standard empty-calorie celebrity tell-some if that's what you're looking for, but I thought you might want more than that.

BoJack: I do.

Diane: Well, then you're going to have to open up and give me something real.

BoJack: What, you think I can't open up?

Diane: Well, I don't know if you can or not. You certainly haven't.

BoJack: Okay, from now on, full truth, warts, and all. You're not gonna make me look like an asshole, are you?

Diane: I don't know, are you an asshole?

BoJack: Okay, full truth, here we go. You want to know about my parents? They drank, a lot. My father was a failed novelist. My mother was the heiress to the Sugarman Sugar Cubes fortune, and my dad resented her for it. He used to make me cry with him while listening to Cole Porter records. He made me build my own treehouse, and then he tore it down while I was at summer camp because instead of hearty, Christian nails, I used screws, which he called: "fancy Jew nails." Like I said, totally normal. 

The Horse: Who wants chocolate chip pancakes?

Ethan: I do! I do!

Olivia: Ethan, didn't you already eat your pancakes?

Ethan: As Oliver North would say, "I do not recall."

The Horse: Hey, where's Sabrina?

Sabrina: Not hiding under the table, that's for sure.

The Horse: Why don't you guys leave this one to me? Why aren't you dressed for school, prickly-muffin?

Sabrina: I'm scared. Olivia told me sometimes, at school they have pop quizzes. I don't want to pop! That's too much, man!

The Horse: Sabrina, nobody's popping on my watch. You stick with me, and I promise you, everything's gonna be just fine.

Man: Cut, boom in the shot.

BoJack: What? I'll be in my trailer. Nah, I'm just horsin' around. You folks enjoying the show? And how about Sarah Lynn as Sabrina? Isn't she wonderful?

Sarah Lynn: Oh. Thank you.

BoJack: Sarah Lynn. You remember that name.

Man: Back to one, everybody.

BoJack: Hey, you see those people?

Sarah Lynn: Yeah.

BoJack: Well, those boobs and jerk wads are the best friends you'll ever have. Without them, you're nothing. Remember that.

Man: Let's take it back to "prickly-muffin."

BoJack: Your family will never understand you, your lovers will leave you or try to change you, but your fans, you be good to them, and they'll be good to you.

Man: We are rolling. Sound speed.

BoJack: The most important thing is, you got to give the people what they want, even if it kills you, even if it empties you out until there's nothing left to empty. No matter what happens, no matter how much it hurts, you don't stop dancing, and you don't stop smiling, and you give those people what they want.

Man: And action.

The Horse: Why aren't you dressed for school, prickly-muffin?

A Ryan Seacrest Type: You might remember her as adorable Sabrina from Horsin' Around, but on her new dance-pop album, Sarah Lynn wants you to know that she is hot to trot.

Sarah Lynn: Why don't you touch my prickly muffin? My prickly muffin Ooh, prickly And it's muffin, and it's .. It's ready for your stuffing

A Ryan: What is the message behind your music?

Sarah Lynn: America needs to know that I'm not that little girl anymore. I'm a grown up, sophisticated woman now, and I have sex, and I do sexy things. People like sex, okay, and since I'm sexy right now, they like me.

A Ryan: Are you at all worried that audiences will grow bored and abandon you for the next sexy thing?

Sarah Lynn: Are you kidding? I'm Sarah freaking Lynn. I'm gonna be sexy forever!

A Ryan Seacrest Type: Pop star and child actress, Sarah Lynn, celebrates her 30th birthday this month, raising the question, "does anyone care about Sarah Lynn anymore?" After all, she is 30. Here to answer that question, sexy, 14-year-old dubstep wunderkind, Sextina Aquafina.

Sextina Aquafina: Hey!

A Ryan: Sextina, what's your take?

Sextina: I love Sarah Lynn. I grew up on her music, okay, and she's, like, an inspiration, but now, she is old, and shriveled, and gross, and nobody want her no more, okay? They want Sextina Aquafina, baby!

A Ryan: Ha ha! You're delightful. So where does Sarah Lynn go from here?

Sextina: Oh, you know where she should go? She should go wherever famous people go when they're done being famous, and nobody cares if they live or die.

BoJack: Who could that be?

Todd: Who-o-o wants chocolate chip pancakes? I do! I do!

BoJack: Why are you talking to me?

Todd: I thought maybe if I said that, you'd make me chocolate chip pancakes.

Todd: Oh, come on, buddy. It's a beautiful morning, the sun is shining, birds are chirping

Blue Jay: Hey, BoJack, any plans for the weekend?

Robin: Still hate the troops, Boj?

Blue Jay: Why don't you refill your bird feeder, huh?

Robin: Yeah, who's a bird got to blow to get some seed around here?

Blue Jay: Good one.

Todd: Let's do something fun today.

BoJack: Like what?

Todd: Like a cannonball! Like a "buying you a new bed?"

Todd: Wow, everything in this store is made out of old train tracks and a reclaimed pier.

BoJack: Oh, great, for ten grand, I can sleep like a hobo.

Todd: Do we need letter openers made out of Confederate bayonets? It says they're stained with authentic Yankee blood.

Fan Girl One: O-M-G. O-M-G! O-M-M-F-C-S-D-V-R-Q-Q-P-Q-F-G!

Fan Girl Two: I know.

BoJack: Ugh. Yeah, it's me, straight off your TV screens and into your shitty lives.

Fan Girl One: It's Sarah Lynn and Andrew Garfield!

BoJack: Huh? What the?

Andrew Garfield: And what's your name, darling?

Andrew Garfield: I'll just make it out to "Evelyn." Uh

BoJack: Um, hi. Sarah Lynn, hi.

Sarah Lynn: BoJack? Hey. Andrew, this is BoJack, my TV dad.

Andrew Garfield: Oh, hello, I'm Andrew Garfield.

Sarah Lynn: Andrew's my boyfriend. We're a celebrity power couple. It's no big deal. (whispers to BoJack) It's a really big deal.

Andrew Garfield: Sarah Lynn, I actually wanted to talk to you about that. When we started dating, you were the biggest star in the world, but your last few albums tanked, so now, I don't even know what you are anymore.

Sarah Lynn: Are you.. Are you breaking up with me?

Andrew Garfield: Oh, bother.

BoJack: Um, are those candy pills, 'cause if so, that is a lot of sugar.

Sarah Lynn: Why are you doing this to me?! Do you like seeing me suffer? Because you know I'll bleed for you.

Todd: Damn!

Andrew Garfield: Oh, dear.

Andrew Garfield: Darling, please, I wanted to do this in a public place so you wouldn't make a scene.

Sarah Lynn: You think I won't make a scene, you limey bastard? Then you really don't know me at all. Hey, everyone! Who wants to see me take a dump on that sofa?

BoJack: And then she took a dump on a sofa made out of a reclaimed propeller.

Diane: Where's Sarah Lynn now?

BoJack: I checked her into Promises. 28 days, she'll be good as new.

Diane: How did it feel to check the girl you raised on television into rehab?

BoJack: It was tough. I would have liked to reconnect with her. At least we got to bond a little on the drive to Malibu.

Sarah Lynn: I can see my organs.

Todd: Oh, whoa! She is losing a lot of blood, BoJack.

BoJack: Beautiful day for a drive, though, huh?

Diane: Well, maybe the two of you can catch up some more when she gets out of rehab.

BoJack: People don't usually want to hang out with me after rehab. I'm really more of a before-rehab friend. I think it's gonna be a long time before I see Sarah Lynn again. (door bells) Who could that be?

Sarah Lynn: Look, BoJack, I appreciate what you were trying to do, but I don't need rehab. Look, good as new, huh?

BoJack: Oh, great, well, that's a relief. Uh, should you be taking all those pills?

Sarah Lynn: It's dexitriathylphenolbarbatol. I got it from a doctor.

BoJack: Your doctor or just A doctor?

Sarah Lynn: I don't know, some doctor, okay? I met him at Adam Levine's Halloween party. I think he said his name was Dr. Who.

BoJack: Yeah, I don't think that was

Sarah Lynn: Ohh, God damn.

BoJack: Uh, are you supposed to be snorting it like that?

Sarah Lynn: Ugh! What are you, the paramedic who restarted my heart at Adam Levine's Halloween party?

BoJack: Okay, so before we put to bed the whole you going to rehab thing -

Sarah Lynn: BoJack, all my life, I've never been forced to confront my problems head on. No one has ever said "no" to me, ever, so is it cool if instead of confronting my problems head on, I just hide out here for a little bit?

BoJack: Sarah Lynn, I hear what you're saying, and I think I know what you need. You just need a strong, responsible adult to say: "Yes. Yes, you can move in with me." This is gonna be fun. Hey, everyone, the old gang's getting back together. Three little orphans—One, two, three

BoJack: Who-o-o wants chocolate chip pancakes?

Sarah Lynn: I do! I do!

Todd: Uh, what's going on in here?

BoJack: Morning, sleepy-pooh, you want pancakes?

Todd: Yeah, that sounds great.

BoJack: Ooh, tough break, champ. I just gave the last one to Sarah Lynn. Early bird gets the worm.

Sarah Lynn: More like early turd gets the sperm.

BoJack: Wha? "Early turd gets the sperm," nice one, Sarah Lynn. You should do a Shouts and Murmurs. Help yourself to some cold wheat bran, sport.

Sarah Lynn: Thanks for letting me crash here, BoJack.

BoJack: The guest room is yours as long as you want.

Todd: You have a guest room? Why have I been sleeping on the couch for five years?

BoJack: You'll get the guest room when you've earned the guest room.

Sarah Lynn: These pancakes are so good. All Andrew ever wanted to eat was stupid lasagna.

Todd: Andrew Garfield loves lasagna?

Sarah Lynn: I don't want to talk about him! BoJack, can you drive me to the mall today? I really want to go shopping, but I'm not allowed to drive because somebody got a DUI.

Todd: Uh, that somebody was you, right?

Sarah Lynn: I don't have to answer your questions! What are you, the cop that pulled me over after Adam Levine's Halloween party?

BoJack: Honey, do you really think going to the mall's a good idea? I seem to recall another time you went shopping when things got pretty out of control.

Sabrina: Oh, that's too much, man!

Todd: Really? Not the time when she gored herself with a bayonet and shat on a floor model?

Sarah Lynn: Hey, I'm not the crazy one. Andrew's the one who flies off the handle whenever his agent sets up an audition on a Monday.

Todd: Andrew Garfield hates Mondays and loves lasagna?

Sarah Lynn: I said I don't want to talk about it!

BoJack: She said drop it, Todd!

Sarah Lynn: Whatever, I don't want to go to the stupid mall. I'll just tell my friends to come here.

BoJack: Muffin, I've got to work on my book today, and I can't have a bunch of folks over making a lot of noise.

Sarah Lynn: Oh, I see. I'm a burden to you.

BoJack: No, no, no, no, no. Sweetheart. Sweetheart.

Sarah Lynn: I'm no longer cute, so I have nothing to offer this world.

BoJack: Honey, of course your friends are always welcome here.

Sarah Lynn: Cool. Bye.

Todd: Can I invite a frien..

BoJack: No.

Princess Carolyn: You let that basket case into your house? That girl is a PR hurricane that you don't need right now.

BoJack: She has nowhere else to turn. She broke up with her boyfriend. She stabbed herself and closed the wound with duct tape. She fired her agent..

Princess Carolyn: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Back it up, horsey. Did you say Sarah Lynn doesn't have an agent? Laura, hold my calls, cancel everything! Ahab's got a white whale to catch, baby!

BoJack: Uh, hello? Still there?

Todd: Oh, th..that's..that's fragile. Uh, no, oh, no, wait. Careful. Careful. Careful. Whoa! Hey, hey, hey! Ah! Lemur!

Lemur: Great party, Sarah Lynn.

Princess Carolyn: Hi, what it is, banana bread?

Sarah Lynn: I'm not looking for a new agent right now.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, whoa, whoa. Who says I'm looking for a new client? Slow your roll, Speed Racer. We're just two single ladies having a no-presh rap sesh. I'm not one of those agents who can't turn it off. Your Ari Emanuels and Vanessa Gekkos and what have you.

Sarah Lynn: Vanessa Gekko is actually Andrew's agent, and she's really great.

Princess Carolyn: Is she? I've heard that.

Diane: I didn't realize you were so into house music.

BoJack: Look, I asked her to turn it down, but apparently, this volume was prescribed by Dr.Who to treat something called "uptight dickhead disease." What do you.. What do you think about Sarah Lynn?

Diane: Oh, I don't really think about her all that much. I mean, obviously, I'm a fan of her early work which both satirized and celebrated youth culture's obsession with sex, but I do wonder as a third-wave feminist if it's even possible for women to reclaim their sexuality in this deeply entrenched patriarchal society, or if claiming to do so is just a lie we tell ourselves so we can more comfortably cater to the male gaze.

BoJack: Uh, what?

Diane: But you know, on the other hand, I worry that conversations like this one often dismiss her as a mere puppet of the industry ..

BoJack: That's my same worry.

Diane: —incapable of engaging in these discussions herself..

BoJack: Obviously.

Diane: —and infantilization, which is itself a product of the deeply misogynistic—

BoJack: So deep.

Diane: .. society we live in. But like I said, I don't really think about her all that much.

BoJack: Okay, well, that is very interesting, but I was more asking, like,what do you think about her living here?

Diane: Oh, right. Well, what was your relationship like with her when you were working on the show?

BoJack: It was very good, very professional.

Sarah Lynn: BoJack, where did you go to college?

Mother: Don't bother him, honey.

BoJack: Oh, it's no problem.

Mother: Honey, college is for ugly people who can't tap dance.

Sarah Lynn: I want to be an architect.

Mother: Sweetheart, Mommy didn't do what Mommy did to that Star Search producer so that you could be an architect.

BoJack: All right, take it sleazy, everybody.

Sarah Lynn: Wait, BoJack, um, what are you doing this weekend?

BoJack: I don't know. I'll probably just go to the amusement park, maybe the circus, fly a kite on the beach, watch the sunset, then I'll head back to my place to watch any number of Disney princess movies while eating ice cream straight from the tub.

Sarah Lynn: Whoa, that sounds like so much fun. Can I come?

BoJack: Yeah, like I want to spend my weekend hanging out with a little girl. Good one! You should write for the Shouts and Murmurs. See you Monday!

Diane: So the makeup they were putting on you was not for the show, it was just for the weekend?

BoJack: Why does that matter?

Diane: I'm just trying to understand the story. Do you think it's possible that you inviting Sarah Lynn into your house now is your way of compensating for not..

BoJack: No, Diane, I'm just helping out a friend. I'm not trying to play out some weird, sick dad fantasy, or resolve a deep guilt for past neglect, or even try to retroactively fix my own childhood by recreating someone else's, and I'm especially not doing all those things at once!

Diane: Okay.

BoJack: What happened? Did somebody hurt my precious baby? Sarah Lynn! Ah! What the?

Sarah Lynn: Oh, hey, BoJack. I told my friends they could tear this wall out to build a sweet cocaine booth/sex closet. Is that cool?

BoJack: No, that's not cool.

Princess Carolyn: Oof. Way to harsh the vibe, Kissinger.

Sarah Lynn: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize. I thought this was a place where Sarah Lynn could finally be Sarah Lynn, but I guess -- that's too much, man.

BoJack: I always loved that catch phrase. Can your friends at least take the artwork off the wall first?

Sarah Lynn: Ooh. I want to say yes, but no.

BoJack: Okay, good talk.

Todd: Wha-a.. Are you serious?

Todd: The reason I have called this house meeting is because—

BoJack: Todd, how many times have we been over this? You don't have the authority to call house meetings. Only I can call a house meeting. You can propose a house meeting.

Todd: All right, fine, fine, fine, but the reason I propose—this house meeting

BoJack: Your proposal has been submitted and is under board review. Proposal denied.

Todd: BoJack, this Sarah Lynn thing is getting out of control, okay? She's taking advantage of you.

BoJack: What? No she's not. We have a special relationship. You couldn't possibly understand.

Todd: Oh, my God. Look at what she's done to your house. All right, look, I mean, I stepped on a needle earlier. I think I'm addicted to heroin now, so now, that's probably gonna be a whole thing.

Diane: I have to say, I agree with Todd. You're not this girl's father, and you're not doing her any favors by refusing to set boundaries.

BoJack: Look, I played a dad for nine years on TV, so I think I know a little bit more about parenting than you two jokers. The kids on Horsin' Around didn't need boundaries. All they needed was some good, old-fashioned love.

Todd: BoJack! This is not a TV show, okay? This is real life.

Lemur: Ah! Lemur on fire! Lemur on fire!

BoJack: Some good, old-fashioned love, and I'm gonna give it to her. I'm gonna give it to her so .. hard.

Todd: You know, I feel like we don't ever hang out.

Princess Carolyn: Here you are, milady, a gin and nutmeg just like you asked.

Sarah Lynn: Ugh. Too much nutmeg.

Princess Carolyn: Well, you know what would taste even better? An endorsement for a Slovakian yogurt. Could Vanessa Gecko get you that?

Sarah Lynn: Vanessa Gecko got Andrew The Social Network, and she has sky box seats at the Staples Center. What do you have?

Princess Carolyn: Well, I've got a table at the Comedy Central roast of Gloria Stein—

BoJack: Hey, Sarah Lynn, what say we spend the day together, just you and me, away from all the haters?

Sarah Lynn: I want to say yes, but—

BoJack: Great, let's go.

BoJack: You know, Sarah Lynn, I got a feeling everything's gonna be okay.

Sarah Lynn: Uh-huh. Hey, did you hear Kazaz got cancer?

BoJack: What? Herb Kazaz has cancer?

Sarah Lynn: Yeah, in the butt. He's got, like, six months I think.

BoJack: Well, that's horrible. Why would you tell me that now?

Sarah Lynn: I dunno. The sun setting over those two hills made me think of a big ass, and that made me think of ass cancer, and that made me think of Herb Kazaz's ass cancer. You really didn't know?

BoJack: No, Herb and I aren't on the best.. Look, I'm trying to have a moment here. I can't.. Hey, I want to give you something.

Sarah Lynn: Is this your TV Guide award?

BoJack: It's the most prestigious award I ever won. I always thought if I ever had kids of my own, I'd give it to them one day. I want you to have it.

Sarah Lynn: Oh, wow. BoJack, thanks. You're sweet.

Sarah Lynn: What are you doing?

BoJack: Shh. Just let the credits roll, let the credits roll. Sha-na-na-na-na-na—Special moment—Exec Producer Garry Marshall Na-na-na Such a happy day. "Sit, Ubu, sit." Good dog. Arf."

Sarah Lynn: Can we go home now?

BoJack: Yeah, okay, we're done.

Sextina Aquafina:

    "Hey now, boy, come and try" 
    "My clitoris is ginormous" 

BoJack: Hello?

Mr. Peanutbutter: BoJack Horseman. Did you get rid of your old TV Guide award? This pawnshop on La Cienega was selling one with your name on it.

BoJack: What? Wait, why were you at a pawnshop?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, I just have a guy there who calls me whenever TV awards come in so I can buy 'em. I put my name on, it's like I won it myself! I have two Golden Globes and a People's Choice forTemple Grandin.

BoJack: Sarah Lynn!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hello? You still there?

Sextina AQUAFINA: "My clitoris is ginormous baby—" 

BoJack: Okay, party's over. Everybody out.

BoJack: Not you. You are in big trouble, young lady. I can't believe you pawned my award.

Sarah Lynn: It wasn't personal. I just thought your award was stupid—and I already have a billion other awards, and I wanted to get money for drugs.

BoJack: Look, things have been tough for you, and I understand that. I know what you're going through right now.

Sarah Lynn: Oh, you know what I'm going through? Why? Because you were on some dumb kids show a million years ago?

BoJack: Hey, now.

Sarah Lynn: I had my own fashion line when I was ten. By twenty, I was packing stadiums. I get letters every day from boys telling me that I was the first girl they masturbated to. Literally, someone tells me that every day.

BoJack: That is gross.

Sarah Lynn: Oh-ho, I know! You sit up here in your little house and feel sorry for yourself? Oh, guess what, Bo-J, in order to be a has-been, you have to have actually, you know, been.

BoJack: You are way out of line!

Sarah Lynn: You're not my dad. You're just a rugged, older man who provided me with a strong, masculine presence during my formative years.

BoJack: I'm not your dad, and you're not my child. We're just a man and a lady living in a house together, and we're both adults, and we're both a little drunk.

BoJack: Who-o-o lit my ottoman on fire?

Todd: Seriously, you seriously don't know?

Sarah Lynn: I'm a bad "widdle" girl.

BoJack: Yeah, you are bad, very bad!

Sarah Lynn: You want me to put it out with my boob?

Todd: Uh, what?

BoJack: Your boob is a very—impractical way to put out a fire.

Todd: What is happening?

BoJack: I think you have a serious drug problem.

Sarah Lynn: The only drug I need is horse.

Todd: Guys, guys, what are you doing? Please don't do this. No, no. Why are you—This is a very bad idea. Can I at least get my blanket.. let me get my blanket out from under—Oh G Oh, my God, my arm. You got my arm. Ow! Ow! I'm in it now. Oh, God, no! I'm a part of it.

Todd: I still haven't regained the feeling in my fingers. That was the longest two minutes of my life.

BoJack: Um, I think it was a little longer than two minutes. It was longer than two minutes.

Todd: How do you not get that this is terrible?

BoJack: Oh, you mean from a P.R. standpoint? Yeah, 'cause if this got out, oh, I would get flayed!

Todd: Oh, I'm done being the voice of reason. It's exhausting. I got to take an angry nap. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh.

BoJack: I know. I know. She's taking advantage of me.

Diane: Actually, it kind of feels like you're the one taking advantage of her. She's the one with substance abuse problems and daddy issues.

BoJack: Hey, we both have substance abuse problems and daddy issues.

Diane: Yeah, but she came to you for help.

Princess Carolyn: Hey, notice how I've been ignoring you, playing hard to get? Only makes you want me more.

Sarah Lynn: Ugh. Go stand on the other side of the room.

Princess Carolyn: Okay.

BoJack: Sarah Lynn, get your coat. I'm taking you to rehab.

Sarah Lynn: Nah, I was gonna keep hanging out here if that's all right.

BoJack: No, it's not all right.

Sarah Lynn: What?

BoJack: This place isn't good for you. You need to go where you can get help, real help.

Sarah Lynn: But I thought you were always gonna be there for me like you said.

The Horse: I will always be there for you.

Man: Cut, let's take ten. That's ten, everyone. Let's make it a tight ten.

BoJack: These pages are shit. You understand? Shit. I wouldn't wipe my ass with these pages. It would defeat the whole purpose of wiping my ass.

Man: Phone for you.

BoJack: Uh-huh. You get me points on the back end? Well, I told you I'm not gonna do it unless I get points. Oh, they can't find any? Well, maybe they could suck some out of my dick!

BoJack: I'm on the phone. You're being very rude.

Sarah Lynn: You promised me you would always be there.

BoJack: Sarah Lynn, this is for your own good. You can't stay here anymore.

Sarah Lynn: Okie-doke. I guess I'll just move out and find one of the billion people who will let me party at their house.

BoJack: Uh, well, you should not do that.

Sarah Lynn: Oh, I know. I know, but I can, so I will. I'm at a place right nowwhere I never need to grow as a person or rise to an occasion because I can constantly just surround myself with sycophants and enablers until I die tragically young.

BoJack: Wh—What?

Sarah Lynn: Yeah, it's pretty much too late for me. Well, them's the breaks. Take it sleazy, everybody. Oh, by the way, I called Vanessa Gekko, and I'm meeting with her tomorrow. Thanks for the suggestion.

Princess Carolyn: No! No, no, no, no, no!

Sarah Lynn: Hey, you guys want to hear my new catchphrase? Suck a dick, dumb shits!

Princess Carolyn: Laura, the dummy took the bait. Now for phase two.

Todd: Is she gone? Is it safe to come out?

Princess Carolyn: Leak to the trades that Andrew Garfield's agent is taking meetings with his ex, get it all over town, wait an hour, then get me lunch with Andrew on the books for this weekend, someplace Italian.

BoJack: I really blew it, didn't I?

Diane: I mean, maybe you could have been a better role model when she was young, but also, she never really had a chance. This is what our celebrity culture does to people.

BoJack: So what you're saying is: Everything is society's fault, and we as individuals never need to take responsibility for anything?

Diane: Uh, no. Not exactly. I was just saying that..

BoJack: Yeah. I like that. I didn't do anything wrong because I can't do anything wrong because we're all just products of our environment, bouncing around like marbles in the game of Hungry Hungry Hippos that is our random and cruel universe.

Diane: Wait, no, that's not even what I'm saying

BoJack: Yeah, It's not my fault. It's society. Everything is because of society!

Diane: BoJack, that—

Todd: Dude, just let him have this.

BoJack: Hooray! Everything is meaningless! Nothing I do has consequence!

Blue Jay: So what'd you get, anything good?

Robin: Oh, I got everything. 

BoJack: And he says.. he says, "Why the long face?" And I say, "Hey, buddy, I can't help it." You get that? Long face. Horses have long faces. I am a horse, my face is long. You get it, right? Good, good. What about the Rock Hudson stuff? Felt like that flew over your heads. Did you get that?

Herb Kazazz: Keep this up, and the only thing we're gonna get is our money back!

BoJack: Okay, okay, it wasn't that funny.

Herb: Maybe you didn't get it.

BoJack: Uh, hey, guys, guys—it'd—

Herb: Hey, let me buy you a drink.

BoJack: Get cancer, jerkwad.

Herb: You've got some good material, you really do. The Gorbachev stuff, it's killer. But you gotta stop asking people if they get things.

BoJack: But then how do I know if they got it?

Herb: They'll laugh.

BoJack: Why are you giving me advice?

Herb: Look, I've been doing stand-up for a year now, and it's the responsibility of big shots like me to always be looking out for the little guy. Let me buy you a drink.

BoJack: Oh, I don't drink. BoJack Horseman.

Herb: Herb Kazazz.

BoJack: Oh, God! Goddamn it, Todd, clean up your shit.

Todd: What am I supposed to do, okay? You don't give me any closet space.

BoJack: Not my problem. A better man than you once said, and I quote, "It's the responsibility of little guys like you to be looking out for big shots like me."

Todd: Who said that?

BoJack: I don't know, Jesus, Gandhi, Malcolm-Jamal Warner. Clean up your shit! Oh!

Roaster: Gloria Steinem, one of the leading lights of modern feminism. You will surely go down in the annals of history just as surely as Lisa Lampanelli will go down in the locker room of the Houston Rockets.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, BoJack, settle a bet. Are you a Zoë or a Zelda?

BoJack: Don't know what that means.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, I was talking to Wayne.

BoJack: Who's Wayne?

Wayne: I'm Wayne.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Wayne's writing an article about me for BuzzFeed.

BoJack: BuzzFeed? What'll they think of next?

Diane: Fun fact: Wayne is also my ex-boyfriend.

Wayne: Huh, you're funny.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Pretty cool, eh, BoJack? Diane's writing a book about you, Wayne's writing an article about me. We're the same!

BoJack: How could you think that that's the same? My book will be in libraries for hundreds of years. Your BuzzFeed article will be crammed between an animated GIF of a cat falling asleep and a list of fun facts about Legally Blonde.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Ha! Classic Zoë.

BoJack: I still don't know what that means.

Wayne: Well, are you familiar with Mr.Peanutbutter's House?

BoJack: Do you mean his sitcom that coincidentally had the exact same premise as my sitcom?

Wayne: Not the exact same. Mr.Peanutbutter's House featured a pair of twins, Zoë and Zelda. Zelda was the sunny, fun-loving extrovert.

Zelda: Look at my pumpkin, Mr.Peanutbutter.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Pretty smile, Zelly-belly.

Wayne: Whereas Zoë was the smart, cynical introvert.

Zoe: My pumpkin's throwing up because Halloween encourages excessive consumption of refined sugar at a time when obesity rates are sky-high. Plus, Halloween costumes are a gateway to casual racism.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Why don't I keep the knife, Zo-bo?

Wayne: Now, was the show's acting ham-fisted and the writing moronic?

Mr. Peanutbutter: N-n-no?

Wayne: Yes, but the Zoë/Zelda paradigm rang true. I believe everyone's either a Zoë or a Zelda. For example, Nixon was a Zoë and Kennedy, a Zelda. Al Gore, Zoë. George W.Bush, total Zelda. It's R2-D2 and C-3PO, Zooey and Emily Deschanel.

Todd: So Zooey's a Zoë?

Wayne: No, Zooey's a Zelda. Emily's the Zoë.

Todd: What a crazy world.

Mr. Peanutbutter: So which one are you, BoJack?

BoJack: I think I'm above this.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Said the Zoë.

Todd: Well, I think I'm a Zelda.

BoJack: Or maybe you're the third kind of person—whose only function is to drain the energy and life force from his host organism.

Diane: Come on, BoJack.

Todd: Nah, he's right. I'm pretty much worthless.

BoJack: See? You say something to someone enough times, and eventually, he internalizes it. The system works.

Todd: I don't have a job, I don't have any prospects. I probably won't ever finish the rock opera I'm working on.

BoJack: What? Since when are you working on a rock opera? Oh, no. Why'd I ask that?

Todd: Basically, it's Tommy by way of Cirque du Soleil set in space, with heavy erotic overtones, and the gripping psychodrama of a thriller with plenty of heart and more than a little humor. I call it Newtopia Rising, Book 1: The Search for a New Utopia.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Book 1? You've got me thinking sequel here.

Todd: Traveling on a spaceship

Mr. Peanutbutter: I'm in.

BoJack: I'm out.

Todd: So far away from home To find a new and better place A planet rich with loam

BoJack: Loam? "Rich with loam?"

Todd: Yeah, it's a kind of soil. These people are simple, agricultural types.

BoJack: On a spaceship?

Todd: We learned a lot And had some laughs But they couldn't make us slaves—No! No, they couldn't make us slaves—No! No, they could-n-n-n't—Make u-u-u-us

Voice: One, two

BoJack: "Slaves." Just say "slaves."

Todd: Sla-a-a-a-a-a-aves!

BoJack: That was and I don't say this lightly worse than a hundred September 11ths.

Todd: Yeah, you're right. This was stupid. I don't know what I was thinking. Well, guess I'll give up forever.

BoJack: That's the spirit.

BoJack: Now, you have to understand that as a port city, Liverpool had unique access to all aspects of American culture, especially Blues music and its unruly nephew, Rock and Roll.

Diane: I thought this story was about running into Paul McCartney in the bathroom at the Golden Globes.

BoJack: It is. I thought you would appreciate some context.

Diane: Let's skip that one for a minute. Tell me about Todd.

BoJack: Todd? What's to tell? Five years ago, he found his way into one of my house parties and never left.

Diane: And you've never asked him anything about himself?

BoJack: I've asked him to get a job, I've asked him to move out.

Diane: With a little encouragement, I'll bet he could really flourish. I mean, didn't you have anyone who helped you when you were just starting out?

BoJack: Um, actually, no.

Diane: Todd clearly thinks the world of you.

BoJack: Todd thinks the world of Pop-Tarts.

Diane: Look, I get that helping other people is not your thing, but

BoJack: What? I let Todd live rent-free in my stately manse. I am his own personal Mother Teresa.

Diane: But do you let him stay here because you're kind or just because you're terrified of being alone?

BoJack: That is insane! I would love to be alone. That is all I want.

Diane: Mmm—if that were really true, I don't think you'd be clipping Todd's wings all the time.

BoJack: What? That's unbelievable. Todd!

Todd: What? Clean up my shit?

BoJack: Yes, but also, I would like to help you with your dumb-ass rock opera.

Todd: What?

BoJack: I am supporting you.

Todd: I- I don't understand. Oh, my God, are you dying?

BoJack: No. I think you have a great depth of untapped potential and I wish to mentor you in your art.

Todd: Really?

BoJack: Yes.

Todd: Wait, is this going to be like that time you promised to take me ice skating, and I got really excited about the ice skating, but then instead of ice skating, you left me at home so you could go to the strip club and then you took the strippers ice skating?

BoJack: No.

Todd: Then hooray!

BoJack: Let's dig in. Where to start? Okay, well, the headline is, I hate it. I hate everything about it. The premise is bad and the execution is also bad. It's an irredeemable jumble of shit.

Todd: Tough but fair.

BoJack: That said, I don't see why we can't make something really great here.

Todd: Okay, thank you. I'll work on that.

BoJack: Are you close?

Princess Carolyn: No!

BoJack: How 'bout now?

Princess Carolyn: No!

BoJack: Now?

Princess Carolyn: You're not even inside of me.

BoJack: Oh, Go-o-o-d! Did you get there?

Todd: Okay, so you know in the second act closer when the seekers of Newtopia are in the Turbidians' dungeon and they learn their ship has been destroyed?

BoJack: No.

Todd: Well, what if we move that to the fourth act?

BoJack: I have no idea what you're talking about, but that idea is terrible.

Todd: I hear the note. Let me see what I can do.

Todd: And that's why this planet su-u-u-u-u-cks—So?

BoJack: How can I put this? Imagine if the Holocaust happened every four years like the Olympics. I would rather that happened than your rock opera.

Todd: That's not really a note. In fact, none of your notes has been notes. I feel like you're not even listening.

BoJack: Yeah, well, you know what? Maybe I would listen if the Turbidians had some reason to enter the Cave of Swollen Dreams that didn't break the pact they made in act one with Queen Darneesa.

Todd: You have been listening.

BoJack: This just doesn't make sense. The Turbidians are a loyal people. They—they wouldn't betray their queen. Unless

BOTH: They were working for Queen Darneesa, who gave them a potion that would counteract the effects of the Elixir of Failed Remembrance so they could bring the secret knowledge from the cave back to her, and then establish Newtopia as a vassal state to the Craterman kingdom!

BoJack: Well, don't just sit there! Get this down!!

BoJack: Oh, you like that. You like daddy's good stuff?

Princess Carolyn: Not especially.

BoJack: Did you get there?

Todd: Okay, what if there isn't a robot army?

BoJack: I think you just blew this thing wide open.

Todd: We'll make this our Newtopia-a-a—

BoJack: "Up a fifth."

BoJack: "Down a fifth."

BoJack: That was great! This train is moving. Let's take a break and get lunch.

Todd: Wait, you want to get lunch with me?

BoJack: Yeah, that's right.

Todd: Is this like the time you invited me to lunch, but then, when I got to the restaurant, you texted me to tell me you weren't coming because you were at a strip club "eating stripper" for lunch, and also, it was my birthday?

BoJack: No.

Todd: Then hooray!

Mr. Peanutbutter: And that was the last time I worked with David O. Russell. What's that old expression? "Fool me once, shame on me, but fool me twice—fiddle-dee-dee."

Wayne: I do believe that is the expression.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Ooh, hold on. I gotta take this. Erica, I don't have time to be charmed to death right now.

Wayne: So how long have you been dating Mr.Peanutbutter? Is it serious? I'm only asking for the article.

Diane: Better question: How long does it take to write a BuzzFeed article?

Wayne: I want to be thorough.

Mr. Peanutbutter: What?! Diane, Diane, Diane, Diane! Do you know what today is?

Diane: Sunday?

Mr. Peanutbutter: It's "burritos as big as your head" day at El Taco Loco! We gotta go right now!

Diane: I thought we were going to see the Diane Arbus show at LACMA today. You know I love Diane Arbus.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I see what's happening here. Her name is Diane, and your name is Diane.

Diane: That's not what's happening.

Wayne: I can go to the Arbus show with you, Diane.

Mr. Peanutbutter: What?

Wayne: I've actually been meaning to go myself.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, man, you guys are perfect for each other. Why did you ever break up?

Wayne: Ha-ha-ha-—

Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay, less yakking, more snacking. Let's go ride in the car!

Cow: Here's your steak.

Guy: Uh, sorry.

Cow: Mm-hmm.

BoJack: You mean to tell me that for a full year you were on the run from the Russian mafia?

Todd: Well, a Russian mafia.

BoJack: I can't believe you never told me any of this stuff. I just thought you were a dumb freeloader who ate all my food and played video games all day.

Todd: You should have seen me in high school. There was this one game, Decapathon.

BoJack: I remember that game. I was up for Dr. Decapitator in the movie version. They said they wanted someone hipper, but the part ended up going to Robert Downey.

Todd: Junior?

BoJack: If it was Junior, I would have said, "Junior."

Todd: That game basically destroyed my life.

Todd: I flunked out of school, my girlfriend left me. I mean, I didn't stop playing until my mom threw me out of the house. I mean, that's when I first realized, you know, I'm a total screw-up.

BoJack: You're not a screw-up anymore, Todd. You're about to have a hit rock opera on your hands.

Todd: I'm really glad you think that. I got Princess Carolyn to invite Virgil Van Cleef to our next rehearsal.

BoJack: Who in the what Van?

Todd: Virgil Van Cleef is the biggest name in rock opera. Okay, think of all the great rock operas from the last 20 years.

BoJack: Okay.

Todd: He had a piece of all of them.

BoJack: Wow, Todd, are you sure we're ready for that?

Todd: Hey, you said yourself the train is moving, but if you think we're not ready, I mean, I'll listen to you.

BoJack: Hey, you've done enough listening, buddy. Maybe it's about time I start listening.

Todd: Well, I feel like

BoJack: Gotta take this. Hello?

Blue Jay: Hello? BoJack Horseman? We have some very delicate pictures you might have an interest in not getting into the wrong hands.

BoJack: I am very happy with my current long-distance provider, thank you.

Robin: What?

BoJack: Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm having lunch with my friend.

Blue Jay: But if you just listen—

BoJack: All right gang, when Virgil Van Cleef gets here, look alive. This could be Todd's big break, so clap really hard and laugh at all the jokes, even if they're not funny, but also, be careful, because a lot of things you might think are jokes are not jokes, so, you know, look out.

Princess Carolyn: ha-ha-ha--

BoJack: That was not a joke.

Princess Carolyn: That was not a real laugh.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I hope you don't mind I brought Wayne along.

BoJack: Who's Wayne?

Wayne: I'm Wayne.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I just wanted to make sure he had everything he needs for the big BuzzFeed cover story.

BoJack: BuzzFeed is a website. There is no cover.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Eh, "tomato," "tomato."

BoJack: It's "tomato," "to-mah-to."

Mr. Peanutbutter: You say, "tomato," "to-mah-to," I say, "tomato," "tomato."

BoJack: Oh

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, hey, Diane, I got you something.

Diane: Oh, plane tickets?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yep, to San Francisco. That's where the Arbus exhibit is heading next.

Diane: Oh, my God. Thanks, Mr.Peanutbutter.

Virgil Van Cleef: Gentlemen, dazzle me.

BoJack: What you're about to see is rough, very rough. It's a vomit pass at what might become a rock opera. Right now, it's set mostly in space, but we're not married to that. Todd is neither a singer nor a trained musician. In fact, he never even graduated high school, he told me in confidence. Keep all that in mind as you give it up for Todd.

Todd: Okay, so we start in 1887 with a young Emma Goldman.

Todd: No they couldn-n-n-n't make u-u-u-us sla-a-a-a-a-aves.

Virgil Van Cleef: It needs a third act showstopper.

BoJack: I had the same note.

Virgil Van Cleef: But in all, it's spellbinding.

BoJack: All right!

Diane: Whoo!

Virgil Van Cleef: You know, I run a small theater in North Hollywood. We were supposed to mount a J.C.Superstar revival next month, but of course, Andrew Lloyd Webber has to be a real hot penis about everything. Oh, Andy. Fool me once, shame on you, but teach a man to fool me, and I'll be fooled for the rest of my life. Anyway, could this show be ready to debut in six weeks?

Todd: Six weeks? Uh, damn. Yeah, I guess so.

Virgil Van Cleef: Marvelous! We'll schedule an investor showcase posthaste. In the meantime, libations!

Virgil Van Cleef: Popping, what?

Mr. Peanutbutter: This is great.

Diane: You know, just when you think you have a person pegged, he can still find ways to surprise you.

BoJack: Yeah, Todd really rose to the occasion, didn't he?

Diane: I was talking about you.

BoJack: Ah, well, it was nothing.

Diane: Maybe the Zoë has a little Zelda in him after all.

BoJack: I appreciate the sentiment, but I still think that game is stupid.

Todd: Hey, BoJack, do you realize what this means? I mean, if this thing's a hit, I could finally move out.

BoJack: Oh, uh, you're gonna move out?

Todd: You won't have to yell, "Hey, Todd, clean up your shit!" Or, "Todd, why haven't you cleaned up your shit yet?" Or, "Todd, what was the name of that guy from Perfect Strangers? Not Bronson Pinchot, but the other one?"

BoJack: Good, that's great. That's great and good. So good, so great. Just great, and also good.

Todd: Mm-hmm.

Virgil Van Cleef: (to Todd) And as you can see, progress has been swift. For tomorrow's investor showcase, we'll have choreography and pyrotechnics for you.

BoJack: This is all just happening so fast. I don't—I don't think Todd is ready for this.

Princess Carolyn: Todd's not ready or you're not ready?

BoJack: Don't make this about me. I've seen what happens when baby birds get pushed out of the nest too soon.

BoJack: It's not your fault.

Bird-mother: I thought he was ready. He seemed ready.

BoJack: It's not, your, fault.

Princess Carolyn: You're right. In these heady times, what Todd needs is an agent. Ha! Ha!

Virgil Van Cleef: I just need you to deliver—

Princess Carolyn: Hoo! Ha!

Virgil Van Cleef: That third act showstopper—

Princess Carolyn: Ha!

Virgil Van Cleef: .. and then we'll be fully financed!

Princess Carolyn: Todd can do it! Todd can do anything! Can I get your autograph?

Todd: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Princess Carolyn: And another autograph, and initial here, here, here, and here.

Todd: Right here?

Princess Carolyn: And the last four digits of your social.

Todd: Okay. So I think the big third act number Virgil wants might be a big anthem that--

BoJack: Whoa, whoa, whoa, buddy, buddy, I'm not gonna let you start on this until we stock up on snacks and Red Bull.

Todd: I do get snacky. You think of everything.

Margo: 'Scuse me, young man. Can you hand me that Ronnie Milsap cassingle in the 10-cent bin?

Todd: Sure thing, lady. Oh, my God. Decapathon VII?! This just came out.

BoJack: Todd, put it down.

Todd: Is this really only a dime?

Seller: If it's in there, that's the price.

BoJack: Todd, this is no time for a relapse.

Todd: Look, okay, I'll buy it now, but I won't play it 'till after I've written the new song.

BoJack: Todd, this is a bad idea!

Todd: Whoa!

Seller: All sales are final.

Todd: Okay, let's see here. I wonder if it still smells the same.

BoJack: I assure you, it still smells like cheap plastic and child labor.

Todd: Okay, here we go. Song time. Or should I just play one game now, just to get the creative juices flowing?

BoJack: We both know that if you play that game tonight, you'll never leave this couch!

Todd: Ah, no, you're right, of course. Thank you.

BoJack: Good night.

Todd: Come on, Decapathon, come on. Oh, come on, Decapathon. Oh.

Rooster: Wake up! It's the morning!

BoJack: Damn it, Todd, the investor showcase is in half an hour. Did you work on the song?

Todd: Huh?

BoJack: Pull yourself together, man!

Todd: Ugh! Why did the water have to come out of your mouth?

Virgil Van Cleef: Well, I'm awfully sorry to have wasted your time. I don't think our man is going to show.

BoJack: Wait!

Virgil Van Cleef: Good God, what's happened? He looks like he was up all night playing some sort of videographic game. He's in no condition to debut a song.

BoJack: Give the kid a chance, Van Cleef.

Todd: Loam, loam, loam And a uh, little room to, uh, roam And on this planet It's our home In space

Sponsor: Rock opera? More like "schlock flop-era."

Todd: Loam

Virgil Van Cleef: Enough! Clearly, Van Cleef has shown a rare lapse in taste and judgment. I apologize for wasting your time with this talentless imp.

BoJack: Hey, Van Cleef, Todd may not be ready for the high-flying world of rock opera or the larger world outside of my living room couch, but you know what? He's a good friend.

Virgil Van Cleef: I don't see how that's relevant.

BoJack: No, of course you don't. Maybe Todd's worse off today, but you're worse off in the long run, because you're gonna die alone and unloved, you pompous, affected asshole!

Virgil Van Cleef: Mon dieu! Never have I ever!

Todd: Hey, maybe don't burn the bridge. I could still beg for a second chance.

BoJack: Shut your mouth, Todd. And you shut yours, Van Cleef, or I will buck it shut. Suck a dick, dumb shits!

BoJack: Oh, that damn video game.

Todd: No, it's not the video game's fault. I blew it. For a second, I actually convinced myself I was more than just a worthless screw-up. Fool me once, fool me twice, fool me chicken soup with rice.

BoJack: I guess there's a reason they don't call it "the rock opera fun." They call it "the rock opera business."

Todd: Guess I won't be needing this piece of junk anymore.

BoJack: Hey, no. Hold on to that. Why don't you just put it in the living room closet?

Todd: Really?

BoJack: In fact, from now on, you can keep all your stuff in the living room closet.

Todd: Thanks, BoJack, for everything.

BoJack: This, I will get rid of.

Diane: What the..?

Wayne: Don't look at those! Those are private!

Diane: Are these the notes you've been taking on Mr.Peanutbutter? It's gibberish! Have you just been mashing keys this whole time?

Wayne: It's a.. it's a work in progress.

Diane: What's really going on here?

Wayne: Look, I've been following you two around for the last couple weeks, and I think it's pretty obvious to everyone that you shouldn't be with Mr.Peanutbutter. You should be with me.

Diane: No, I've dated you. Sure, you're smart and sophisticated and cool, but you're also mean. What's your article on Mr. Peanutbutter called?

Wayne: The working title is, "Nine Jokes From the '90s We Haven't Stopped Laughing at."

Diane: I knew it!

Wayne: Come on! Like you're not gonna tear BoJack apart in your book.

Diane: I'm not "tearing him apart." I'm writing a nuanced portrait of a complicated man.

Wayne: Well, then, we might be doing different things.

Diane: Mr.Peanutbutter is nice to me! He's kind and he's generous and he's loyal.

Wayne: You know what your problem is? You're trying to be a Zelda but you're so obviously a Zoë.

Diane: Don't label me. You don't know who I am.

Wayne: You can live your happy Zelda life in this happy Zelda town and pretend you're a happy Zelda, but I know you, and this isn't you.

Wayne: People don't change, Diane, not really. Mr.Peanutbutter's a Zelda. He's happy and he's carefree and he's loving, but you and me, we're Zoës.

BoJack: Yeah, I bought this earlier, and I'd like to return it. I don't know where the receipt went.

Henry: I remember you. You came in yesterday. No problem.

Wayne: We're Zoës, Diane. We're cynical and we're sad and we're mean.

BoJack: Thanks for your help, character actress Margo Martindale.

Margo: I don't feel good about what we did here, BoJack.

BoJack: I don't know what you're talking about. This never happened.

Wayne: There's a darkness inside you, and you can bury it deep in burritos as big as your head, but someday soon, that darkness is gonna come out, and when it does, I want you to call me.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I like that guy.

Todd: Ah-- 

Man: Come on!

BoJack: Oh, is it this guy? Never travel without it.

Man: Stop holding up the line, idiot!

BoJack: It's not his fault. He's just doing his job.

Man: It's your fault, dummy.

TSA agent: I'm sorry, sir, no liquid over three ounces.

BoJack: This is Pappy Van Winkle, ol' friend. Do you know how old this bourbon is? If this was a person, I would've stopped having sex with it a year ago.

TSA agent: I'm sorry, sir.

BoJack: Do you know who I am?

ALL: Come on. Dude—

BoJack: I'm actually a huge celebrity on my way to New York for an important meeting with a book publisher, who wants to publish a book about me because I am famous.

TSA agent: That's not—

BoJack: Fine, you want me to dance? I'll dance. Give me ten seconds, Diane. This guy's being a total fascist. Diane? Diane?

Diane: Over here, BoJack.

BoJack: How'd you get through so fast?

Diane: I followed the basic requirements for air travel that have been in place for over a decade.

BoJack: Ugh, weird.

TSA agent: Sir, whoever you are, please—

BoJack: Really? You've never heard of my TV show? You know very well who I am. And now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to New York.

ALL: Ah, no. More? Come on!

BoJack: Oh, you know what? Could be this.

TSA agent: Oh, my God, he's got a gun!

BoJack: Relax, it's a lighter. How much lighter fluid can I take on the plane? And before you answer, remember, I'm a celebrity.

TSA agent: We're gonna need a full body cavity search.

Pinky Penguin: Thanks for coming to New York for this. Let's just say, it's better for everyone's kneecaps if I stay out of California for a little bit.

BoJack: Always nice to get a change of scenery, am I right?

Pinky: I think the New York air's been good for my health. I mean, I did find a lump, but hey, who needs health insurance when you've got BoJack Horseman writing a book, huh? How's it coming along?

Diane: It's great. I'm pumping out heartfelt anecdotes and witty observations left and right, and this one is spinning it all into gold.

Ira Glass: Your telephone is ringing. I'm Ira Glass. Thank you for being a sustaining member of public radio. Everyone has a story, and your phone's story is that it's ringing. 

Diane: Excuse me. Hello?

BoJack: Hurry back, superstar. I don't think Diane's working out.

Pinky: What? Why? Is Diane no good?

BoJack: She's too good. I don't know if Diane is damaged enough to tell my story. She's so— functional.

Pinky: Oh, I'm so sorry, Mr.Horseman, she's too functional. Why don't I just get on the phone and call a less functional (screaming)) What are you talking about?! This is a very bad time, BoJack!

BoJack: All right.

Pinky: You need to promise me that your book will be on the shelves and making money by October!

BoJack: All right. Jesus.

Diane: Uh-huh? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Got it. Sorry, I took so long.

BoJack: Who was that? The library? Thanking you for never returning a book late?

Diane: That was my brother Tommy. My dad just died.

BoJack: Oh, my God.

Diane: Did we talk about firming up the release date? I was thinking late September.

BoJack: I am so sorry.

Diane: It's fine, he was old and also the worst.

Pinky: Such a terrible tragedy really puts everything in perspective. Where does that leave us as far as the book of it all?

Diane: Not a problem. I just got to swing by Boston and give my condolences real quick. BoJack can come with me. We'll get some work done while we're there, and then that way the whole trip won't be a total waste of time.

Pinky: Great. Call me if you need anything, but hang up after one ring, and I'll call you back from the phone booth where my wife and I are living.
 
Todd: Todd bless these scrambled eggs Eggs from the fridge Sunny side them And guide them—

BoJack's voice: Todd, stop singing your dumb scrambled eggs song.

Todd: Who said that?

BoJack's voice: If you're wondering who said that, it's this note that you're reading. You're hearing my voice in your head, because that's how reading works.

Todd: Oh, yeah.

BoJack's voice: As you might've noticed, Todd, I've left you home alone for the day, and frankly, I already regret that decision. Here's what you need to do: —Nothing. Don't touch my stuff, and don't make a mess. Pick me up at the airport tomorrow, and until then—don't, do, anything.

Todd: Well, seal's broken. Might as well enjoy myself. Whee! Cheers to bath time. Great story, Todd. I love our friendship. Here we go! The Great Toddini!

Guide: And here we have the home of a truly dynamic and unique talent, TV's own David Boreanaz.

Guide: Sounds like we have some fans of Person of Interest on board, or Castle, or whatever his show is.

Todd: Sorry, dudes, you got the wrong house.

Tourist One: Crikey, I would've paid $50 U.S. to see where David Boreanaz lives. He's the American Hugh Jackman.

Todd: Oh, yeah, 50 bucks?

Tourist Two: He's so good in Burn Notice.

Todd: What? 50 bucks? In that case, come on in, friends. Some guy named David Boreanaz lives here.

ALL: Hooray!

BoJack: Hey, so listen, I really want to be here for you in your time of need, but I'm not really good with funerals or death or families or feelings or people.

Diane: Don't worry. You can wait in the car. It's probably better you don't meet my brothers. They're narrow-minded, mean-spirited dirt-bags.

BoJack: I wish I had brothers growing up. Touch football on the weekends, noogie parades on the reg. Life as an only child can get pretty lonely.

BOJACK: Daddy, do you want to meet my imaginary friend?

Butterscotch: Imaginary friends are freeloaders invented by communists to rip-off welfare. Why don't you do something productive, like bang your head against the wall until your brain isn't so stupid?

BOJACK: Okay, Daddy.

Diane: Yeah, well, I was pretty lonely, too. My family made my life miserable, and then they never forgave me for leaving.

BoJack: So, what, you're like the black sheep?

Diane: No, Gary's the black sheep. He's adopted. I'm just a member of the family nobody likes. And my dad was the worst of them all.

BoJack: You told me that you and your father used to sit on the roof and look at the stars together.

Diane: Oh, yeah, I was just trying to get you to open up, so I used an old writer's trick called "me lying to you."

BoJack: Oh, yeah? Well, I'm using an old me trick called "that hurts my feelings."

Diane: And the truth is, I used to sit alone on the hill out by the dump and dream of waking up as Chelsea Clinton, but with my hair.

BoJack: You do have great hair.

Diane: I know. That's us. I'll just pop in for a quick hi and bye. Then we'll be on our way. Ten minutes, swear to God. You can play with this kaleidoscope I got you at the airport.

BoJack: What? A kaleidoscope? I'm not five.. Shapes and colors the likes of which I've never seen.

Diane: Hello.

Tommy: Hey, yeah, Deedee came home! Gary, Marty, Artie, Deedee's back! Come here!

Marty: Game. Watching the game. Can't look up from the game. How you doing?

Diane: Marty, it's a game from '86. You've seen it a hundred times.

Marty: And how many times does Buckner break your heart?

BOTH: 100 times.

Artie: Aw, thank God you're here, Deedee. Pops is wicked departed.

Tommy: Oh, yeah, man. He departed so hard. And I do not like them apples, Deedee.

Marty: Yo, Deedee, get me a beer.

Gary: Yeah, make that two, Deedee.

Diane: Gary, Marty, I just got home.

Artie: Ooh, Princess Diane doesn't want to get her brother a beer.

Gary: Hey, Ma, come look what the Pats dragged in.

Ma: Oh, hello! Look who decided to come home. Queen Deedee blesses us with her presence. To what do I owe the honor?

Diane: Look, I'm just here to offer my condolences.

Ma: Oh, sure, in and out, like a Protestant on Christmas. Why would you want to stick around, be with your family in their time of need?

Diane: Come on, Ma.

Marty: Don't fight while the game's on. It's bad Juju.

Diane: It's the '86 World Series. They lose.

Marty: Ah, why'd you have to

Ma: Oh, we're just a bunch of savages, right? We're not like your fancy California friends. Your George Clooney and your California Raisins.

Tommy: Oh, come off it, Ma. She don't mean no harm.

Ma: For five years she didn't come home. Why don't you make like A-Rod and blow.

Diane: Well, this was clearly a huge mistake.

Tommy: Ah, don't go. Deedee, please.

Diane: Why not? Ma doesn't want me here.

Tommy: Ma don't know what she wants. She wants you here. We all do. Ain't that right, Marty?

Marty: Can't look up from the game.

Tommy: Besides, we need your help organizing all the funeral stuff. We didn't go to college. We're not smart like you.

Diane: Fine, I'll help. Is there a number for me to call?

Tommy: Yeah, try 8-800, dummy, Jeez, do some legwork, Dee. And do it quick. The ice is melting.

Diane: Oh, my God. Is that dad? Did someone draw balls on his forehead?

Artie: That was before we knew he was dead. We just thought he was wicked hung over.

Gary: In your face, Dad! In your face forever.

Todd: Welcome to the home of David Boreanaz, famous from television shows such as dramas on networks. That will be $50 please.

Tourist One: Oy, mate, this picture of David Boreanaz fell apart.

Todd: Oh, no, no, no, I'll handle that. Why don't you just go look through David Boreanaz's underwear drawer, okay? It's in his bedroom.

Tourist One: Oh, knickers.

BoJack's voice: Hey, what do you think you're doing?

Todd: Uh-oh, am I reading something again?

BoJack's voice: No, this is your conscience. BoJack trusted you to take care of his house. Is this really..? What are you doing?

Todd: It's a great day on Todd's phone. How can I help you?

Princess Carolyn: Are you trying to cut me out of this David Boreanaz deal? I'm your agent, damn it.

Todd: How'd you find out about Boreanaz House?

Princess Carolyn: Don't worry, I'm not just gonna sit here batting a ball of yarn around while you do the real work. I want to take your project to the next level. We need to go bigger. Have you thought about attaching Mila Kunis to this thing?

Todd: Attach her? How?

Princess Carolyn: You do your job. I'll do mine.

Todd: Who is this?

BoJack: Ah, out of combinations. Now I'm bored. Diaa-aane!

Tommy: You show me nothing

Artie: What do you want from me?

Ma: You have no right to barge in here after five years and judge us, Diane.

Diane: I'm just saying Marty could lend a hand instead of sitting on the couch watching the game all day.

Marty: Ah, Deedee.

Ma: You know very well his leg's still sore from the accident at the quarry.

Gary: Yeah, he's got to rest up if he's gonna be a wide receiver for B.C.

Diane: He didn't get into B.C.

Artie: Ah, what's the point of getting off the couch anyway? All the jobs are going to immigrants these days.

Diane: What do you..? We're immigrants.

Artie: How do you figure?

Diane: We're Vietnamese?

Artie: Step off! We're American as Pho!

Gary: And that's the same crap you always pull--

Artie: What do you want from me?

Gary: Come on! Leave me alone.

Tommy: You show me nothing

BoJack: Excuse me. Yes, hello, I'm looking for Diane. Does anyone here speak English?

Tommy: Pull over and park the car. Is that the frickin' horse from Horsin' Around?

BoJack: Again, does anyone here speak English?

Artie: Oh, no way

Gary: What? A TV star!

Princess Carolyn: Boreanaz house. Seventy-five each. Children and seniors free.

Todd: Please stay behind the ropes and keep your hands and belongings on your person at all times. Next we'll head to the kitchen where.. Is that Mila Kunis?

Todd: Note the letters B.H. on all hand towels and linens. That stands for "Boreanaz House."

Diane: Yeah, do you pick up bodies? Is that a service you provide? Corpse removal?

Tommy: Hey, BoJack, you ever meet any Boston celebrities?

BoJack: Well, one time at Bristol Farms, Ben Affleck and I did reach for the same bunch of grapes.

Tommy: Oh, he eats grapes just like us? Hey, Ma, Ben Affleck eats grapes!

Ma: He don't eat grapes!

Tommy: BoJack said he fed Affleck grapes. He was graping it up with the Daredevil himself. This is the greatest day of my life.

Diane: Oh!

BoJack: Hey, I don't suppose you boys would have any interest in maybe playing some touch football later?

Tommy: Are you kidding? Touch football with a star like you? That would be mad wicked pisser.

Artie: Ooh, you know what else we got to do? We got to watch the Cryane video.

BoJack: Ooh, that sounds good. What's that?

Diane: No, we don't need to revisit that.

Marty: When Deedee was 16, we made up a secret pen pal for her named Leo.

Diane: Guys, I really would rather not discuss it.

Artie: We all took turns writing her letters, pretending to be this sensitive boy from Cambridge.

Tommy: It was wicked messed up.

Gary: "Oh, Diane, we're two misunderstood souls. Everyone else is a phony. Yours forever, Leo."

BoJack: What? That is amazing.

Artie: After six months of letters, we hired a homeless guy to pretend to be Leo and take her to the homecoming dance.

Marty: Look at her.

Gary: Watch, watch this part.

DIANE: I like your boutonniere. 

Marty: Why don't we watch this every day?

Gary: Look at her face.

BoJack: Now that's a good prank.

Diane: I was humiliated.

BoJack: Yeah, you wouldn't get it. It's a brothers thing, right, brothers?

Gary: That's Cryane for you. What a pussy.

Tommy: You know, it's nice that years later we can all laugh about this.

Diane: Yep, my therapist thinks the same thing. I'm gonna go meet with the funeral director. Any of you boys want to come?

Marty: Nah, I ain't so big on funeral homes, Deedee. All them dead bodies, they give me the jeebies.

Artie: Yeah, Deedee, why do we got to go?

Diane: Fine, none of you have to go. I'll take care of everything.

Tommy: Thank you, Diane. We all really appreciate it.

Diane: Come on, BoJack.

Tommy: Why you got to take BoJack with you?!

ALL: Boo! Boo!

BoJack: Boys, you have stolen my heart like Dave Roberts stole second base.

Gary: Hey! He knows our things!

BoJack: I must go now, but I'll see you all at the funeral, okay? And when I do, you're all getting noogies.

Brothers: Funeral! Yeah! Whoo-hoo! Funeral! Funeral! Funeral!

Todd: And now, a very special treat just for our platinum members. Let's take a peek at the slumbering Mr.Boreanaz himself.

Todd's voice: Get out of my room, Todd! I'm David Boreanaz.

Todd: And thus concludes our tour. Have a Boreanderful day.

FUNERAL DIRECTOR: Tell me about your father.

Diane: Well, he was a mean, sadistic alcoholic, who never supported anything I did and actively delighted in seeing me fail.

FUNERAL DIRECTOR: Hmm, I see. Sounds like you're looking for our "Piece of Shit Dad Package."

Diane: That would be too good for my father.

FUNERAL DIRECTOR: Hmm, I see. Might I then suggest our "Piece of Shit Dad Package Would Be Too Good For Him Package."

Diane: Yeah, that's the one.

FUNERAL DIRECTOR: Excellent choice.

BoJack: Hey, can I suggest something? You might want to loosen up a little. I think you could actually learn a thing or two from your brothers.

Diane: Are you kidding? If I was like my brothers, nothing would ever get done.

BoJack: I'm just saying, if you can't find a way to let off some steam you're going to explode. God damn it! Are you god damn kidding me? I keep getting calls from this unlisted number. Ignore. Who are these assholes?

Diane: Why don't you just answer, and then you'll know?

BoJack: Oh, they'd just love that, wouldn't they?

Robin: Ugh, how are we supposed to blackmail him if we can't reach him?

Blue Jay: Maybe we got to get him where he lives?

Robin: You mean?

Blue Jay: That's right, his house.

Blue Jay: What the.. Whose house is this?

Robin: Is that David Boreanaz?

Blue Jay: I could've sworn BoJack Horseman lived here.

Princess Carolyn: Hey, let's keep these lines moving, huh? You want to stop and chat, you gotta pay for the extended stay ticket.

Todd: Ah, so much, so much, so much.

Princess Carolyn: Another five Gs, T-Bag, and we are in the pink.

Todd: I don't know, Princess Carolyn. I ran out of shoeboxes for the money, and the books aren't adding up. Plus the men's lav' needs to be serviced, and I had to fire Janine in the gift shop for stealing Boreabble heads. I mean, how did I end up with all this responsibility?

Princess Carolyn: Hey, I'm not screwing around here, small fry. You better make those numbers sing.

Todd: I don't think these offshore banks we've been using are 100% legal.

Princess Carolyn: Yeah, well, my mother told me never to slap an idiot.

Todd: What? Ow!

Princess Carolyn: Now we're both breaking the rules. You listen, and you listen good. I've gotten used to a certain lifestyle since Boreanaz House went public, and I'm not going back to the old way. Mommy likes her shoes, see? And her pearls.

Todd: Oh, I'm in too deep. I don't know what to do.

BoJack's voice: I'll tell you what you should do.

Todd: Who said that?

BoJack's voice: It's me, David Boreanaz.

Todd: Is that what David Boreanaz sounds like?

BoJack's voice: Uh, sure. Let me give you some advice. As we say on my show I want to say, New Girl? just keep doing what you're doing, and you'll be fine.

Todd: Wow, thanks, Davie B.

BoJack's voice: Never call me that!

 Diane: Unbelievable.

BoJack: It's 4:00. I don't think anyone's coming.

Diane: Unbe-goddamn-lievable! All those jerkwads had to do was show up, and they couldn't even do that! Where's the body even?

FUNERAL DIRECTOR: Beg your pardon, minor hiccup. My goons went to pick your father up, but nobody was home. For a nominal fee, we can scrounge up another body for you. Would you care to peruse our loaner closet?

Diane: Hey, assholes! Where were you? I planned the whole funeral, like you asked me to, and nobody showed.

Tommy: Yeah, we realized dad wouldn't have wanted some stuffy funeral.

Gary: He would've wanted his body to be chopped up into chum and thrown in Derek Jeter's fat face.

Artie: Yeah, suck it, Jeter!

Diane: Wait, what? Where is Dad?

Tommy: We got him chummed. He's in the truck.

Diane: You chummed Dad?

Ma: It's what your father wanted, honey, but then you wouldn't know anything about that, would you?

Diane: Let me get this straight. So instead of coming to the funeral that I paid for and spent all day organizing, you had* Dad's body ground into chum, so you could throw his mushy remains on Derek Jeter?

Gary: No, not just on Derek Jeter. We're gonna throw it into his fat face.

Ma: Yeah, his fat face.

Brothers: In his fat face.

Tommy: The Yankees are in town this week. The planets are aligning, Deedee.

Diane: Tommy, you begged me to stay and help.

Ma: Why does everything always got to be about big-shot Diane? Too good for her home.

Diane: I don't think I'm too good for my home.

BoJack: Yeah, guys, you got it all wrong. Diane isn't a big-shot. She's my ghostwriter. She's writing a book that's not even gonna have her name on it. You think this is how she expected her life would be going at 34? She lives with her rich boyfriend and doesn't pay rent. She's not too good for anything.

Tommy: What?

Marty: Diane's a freeloader?

Marty: Even I pay rent.

BoJack: BoJack helping?

BoJack: Whoa!

Diane: This is why I told you to wait in the car!!

Gary: Oh, she snapped. Here comes Cryane.

Tommy: Hey, hey, Deedee, come on.

Ma: Diane, you are making a public spectacle of yourself.

Tommy: Deedee, what are you doing with Dad's keys? Put those back.

Gary: Oh, come on, that's Dad's truck. Dad's chum is in the back. No! No, no, no!

Diane: Suck a dick, dumb shits!

Gary: Well, that crazy clam did it. She took Pops.

Marty: Oh, no, what are we gonna do?

TV: And it's a one-hopper back to the pitcher. Easy out at first.

BoJack: So.. what we're gonna do is.. nothing?

Marty: Sox are on, and I haven't seen this one.

BoJack: Does anyone know where she might have gone?

Artie: Ah, she used to run off like this all the time in high school, too. Who knows where crazy goes?

BoJack: I think I know where she went.

Tommy: Wait, you can't leave. The party's just getting started.

BoJack: I don't know, Diane was pretty upset, and she's got your dad.

Gary: Oh, don't go, BoJack. You're like the fifth brother I never had.

BoJack: I.. Really?

Tommy: Yeah, don't leave, bro. After this, we'll go play touch football and do a noogie parade.

BoJack: Ah, um..

Fuzzyface: Everyone please disperse. This is an unlawful gathering. Disperse immediately.

Todd: Oh, this isn't looking good, Princess Carolyn. What are we gonna do?

Princess Carolyn: What do you mean, we? Princess Carolyn always.. lands on her feet. Ha!

Fuzzyface: Mr.Boreanaz, I presume.

Todd: Um, would you like a Boreabble head?

Mr. Peanutbutter: The amazing thing is, the house looks just like BoJack's house. They must have the same architect. Anyway, how are things with you?

Diane: Not good. I should've known it was a waste of time to come back here.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, that's awful. Well, when you get back, I'll give you one of my patented Peanutbutter hugs. Crunchy and creamy.

Diane: You know that patent wasn't approved, but.. I'll take it. I have to go. BoJack's here.

Mr. Peanutbutter: BoJack, well, what's he doing?

BoJack: Hey. Sorry, I said all that stuff about you.

Diane: It's all true, isn't it?

BoJack: I found this letter back at the bar. I think it's for you. Look, just read it. I think you'll like it.

Diane: "Dear Diane, it's me, your old pen pal Leo. This definitely isn't BoJack Horseman writing this."

BoJack: Keep reading.

Diane:"You're a good person, Diane, and that's the most important thing. Even if no one appreciates you, it's important that you don't stop being good. I like how you always bring your own bags to the grocery store, and how you're always organized to go places. I like how you chew gum on the airplane so your ears will pop. A lot of people might not appreciate that about you, but I do. Yours forever, Leo." That's the best letter he ever wrote me.

BoJack: Look, take it from someone with his own shitty parents, family is a sinkhole, and you were right to get out when you had the chance.

Diane: The stupid thing is, even now I still just want them to be proud of me and think I did good. Is that really stupid?

BoJack: Yep.

Diane: No, it isn't.

BoJack: Yeah, it is! You want those guys to be proud of you?

Diane: I guess I was just hoping to get some modicum of closure.

BoJack: Closure is a made up thing by Steven Spielberg to sell movie tickets. It, like true love and the Munich Olympics, doesn't exist in the real world. The only thing to do now is just to keep living forward.

Diane: Yeah, but every time I come back here they--

BoJack: So don't come back here. What's great about Los Angeles is nobody cares about where you're from or who you are. It's a superficial town where you can worry about stupid shit like keeping your pool clean, and what artisanal nuts to put on your salad.

Diane: I do like salad.

BoJack: Oh, it's the best. Why do you think people keep moving there?

Diane: Thanks, BoJack.

BoJack: The good news is, your dad can't hurt anyone ever again. Uh-oh.

Old Lady: Thank you so much, Derek Jeter. I thought a big baseball hotshot like you would be too busy to help us old ladies across the street.

Derek Jeter: I always have time to look out for my elders, Yankee fan or no. Is that a barrel of chum?

BoJack: Um, I'll meet you inside. I have to make a call.

Diane: Okay.

Herb's voice: It's Herb. You know what to do.

BoJack: Hey, Herb, look, I think we have some unfinished business. It seems like life's too short to hold grudges and stuff like that, you know what I'm saying? About life being too short? Well, of course you know what I'm saying. You're the one with terminal.. I feel like I'm doing all the talking here. So anyway, I thought maybe we could chat. Why don't you give me a call, okay? Um.. so smell you later? This is BoJack. Horseman. Obviously. ("Unknown Caller") Ugh, who keeps calling me?

Todd: Come on, BoJack. Pick up, pick up. I'm sure he'll pick up.

BoJack's voice: It's BoJack. You know what to do.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, uh, it's a pet name. I don't have actual honey. Diane!

Diane: Hey, Mr.Peanutbutter.

Mr. Peanutbutter: BoJack Horseman! Put her there!

BoJack: That's all right.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I'm gonna get that handshake.

BoJack: No, you're not.

Diane: Since when am I Honey?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Since now. I made up the nickname while you were back east.

BoJack: Yeah, really? You made up calling someone honey?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh, I do believe so. Yes.

Diane: Hey, why don't we give BoJack a ride?

BoJack: That's okay. Todd's supposed to pick me up. Where is he?

Man: First day, huh? Ha-ha. Well, stick with me. You're gonna be just fi..

Todd: Oh!

BoJack: Probably just forgot, the lazy bum. Hey, I'll take the ride as long as it's not as bumpy as that pilot's landing.

Diane: That was seriously very scary.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey

Diane: I'm just glad you were there, because I really would have freaked out by myself.

BoJack: Be stiller, my beating heart.

Diane: Stiller crazy after all these years.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Did I miss something funny? I love funny somethings.

Diane: No, we were just laughing about this Ben Stiller article from the plane.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Ooh, he is the best. What did it say?

BoJack: You wouldn't get it. Either you read Hemisphere's Magazine, or you don't.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, I might be crazy, because this is such a dumb question, and I'm embarrassed to even ask, but -- do I have anything to worry about with you and Diane?

BoJack: Wha-a-a-a-a-t? What? Get out of here.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I got to say, BoJack, that is a relief. Ho-ho! Whoo!

BoJack: Hey, do you guys want to grab dinner? Or at least some road sodas, so I don't have to go through the ordeal of sobering up and then having to get drunk all over again?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, I actually already made special plans for just the two of us.

Diane: Oh, come on. You're the one who's always saying you want to hang out with BoJack more, and how it's weird that BoJack never returns your calls, and how I should hang up the phone because maybe BoJack's trying to call you right now.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh, okay. I guess we can make this work.

BoJack: Oh. Oh, man. Remember that guy in 34-B?

Diane: Do I? Can't stop remembering him.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh, hey. Diane and I have memories, too. This place reminds me of a cliff side meal we had one romantic vacay to Cabo.

BoJack: Boring. I wasn't there. Can we keep this general interests?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, here's to a meal we're all here for.

Diane: Mmm. Oh, oh. Ew. There's something in my food.

BoJack: Ah, crap. Someone get the manager.

Mr. Peanutbutter: No, no, no. Wait. It's supposed to be in there. Welcome home, honey. I got you a D-pendant, because I am D-pendant on you.

Diane: Thank you.

BoJack: Yeah. Real.. Real cute. A 'D' for dog.

Mr. Peanutbutter: It's for Diane.

Diane: This is the sweetest choking hazard anyone's ever given me. Mwah.

BoJack: Well, how about some champagne for the happy couple. Waiter, get me a bottle of Dom to keep with the trend of sweet D gifts.

Mr. Peanutbutter: You're too kind, but everyone knows you go off menu for the good stuff. Yes, get me your most expensive bottle, from the back. Perhaps a 1922-ish Heidsieck Diamant Bleu?

BoJack: A toast on me to Diane and Mr.Peanutbutter. I'd like a round of drinks for everyone. Off the menu, of course.

Mr. Peanutbutter: BoJack, folks. What a sport. And while we're all in giving moods, I'd like to buy you all an Xbox, courtesy of me.

Diane: Wow. You guys don't have to do this.

BoJack: Look, I could happily go down this petty road of raising and re-raising one another.

Man: Please do!

BoJack: But I'd instead like to highlight the fact that Mr.Peanutbutter's ripping off my toast the same way he ripped off my entire career.

Man: Uh, we prefer gifts over observations.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay. Well, here's something I didn't rip off. This brand new helicopter I just bought. Whoo-whoo! Who wants a ride in the chopper?

Diane: Okay, guys. This has been fun, and also an offensive display of extravagant wealth, but maybe we should call it a night.

BoJack: What's the rush? Because I just bought the restaurant, and we can stay as long as we want. Hey, you. I own you now. Do a dance.

Todd: Oops. Oh, no. Hey, sorry, bud. It's all yours.

Klaus: Please, you first. Apparently, we both like to be clean.

Todd: I love being clean. That's so coincidental. I'm Todd.

Klaus: Klaus. Look, I know you're new here, but we have a lot in common: being white, into cleansing. I think you'd enjoy hanging out with me and the gang.

Todd: When you say "the gang," do you mean a) gang?

Klaus: Check this out. If you want to lift weights, we got great yard connections. If you like toilet wine, we spent the past 20 years perfecting pruno. The Aryan nation is number one for a reason.

Todd: Never thought I'd say this, but you put a pretty good spin on Nazis.

Klaus: Hey, tell you what. Drop by our party tomorrow. Shoot the shit with the guys, mostly about Jews, and make up your own mind. Until then, take my card.

Todd: Whoa. Uh, where were you keeping that card?

BoJack & Mr. Peanutbutter: Forty-five, forty-six, forty-seven..

Diane: Guys, can we give this thing a rest?

BoJack: Rest? Why rest? I'm not tired.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I'm twice as not tired.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Or D, sex and candy?

Todd: BoJack!

BoJack: Todd, where the hell have you been? I had to carpool home from the airport like a goddamn environmentalist.

Todd: I'm sorry, but I'm in jail, dude.

BoJack: Well, you called the right person, because I need your help and you're my phone-a-friend. Marie Curie won Nobel prizes in which two sciences? A, chemistry and physics. B, biology and physics..

Todd: Oh, B! The answer's B!

Mr. Peanutbutter: It's A!

BoJack: Damn it, Todd! This was life or death.

Todd: Same with me. The bail's set at 50 bucks. I'll be here wai..

BoJack: Yes! I am the champion of the games! Did you see that, Diane? Diane?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yeah, you win, old friend. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to take my girlfriend to bed.

Diane: We're still out? Egh! Night, BoJack.

BoJack: Good night, Diane. Give me a bottle of something to help me forget my problems. Ooh, maybe not that strong. What is this, breakfast? Yeah, that's about right.

BoJack: Well, that worked effectively.

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: It's a Holly-who-done-it as police are scrambling to figure out who stole the D from the famed Hollywood sign.

BoJack: Holly-what?

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: All of Tinseltown's at DEFCON 5 until their diabolically displaced D is demonstrably displayed once more. Can we cool it with the alliteration? Who wrote this copy? Randy, looking at you.

BoJack: Weird. .. Weirder! Why the hell would I steal a giant D?

Diane: Ding-dong! It's Diane.

BoJack: D.. D.. Damn!

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: Meanwhile, local authorities are already investigating several suspects. David Duchovny, Dick Van Dyke, DMX, and of course Dane Cook, who we all know is a thief.

BoJack: Hey, D-voted memoirist. I can't work on the book today. Too ill. Cough.

Diane: Are you ill, or hung-over? Because instead of coughing you just said the word cough. Plus you left me a long, drunken voice-mail last night.

BoJack: Ooh, was it bad?

BoJack: It was mostly a lot of wheezing, as if you were climbing something, followed by the sounds of dismantling metal, and then grunting like you were dragging something heavy at least a few miles.

BoJack: I didn't say anything incriminating, did I?

Diane: As incriminating as that question? No.

BoJack: Good. Well, just as a general rule, you probably shouldn't be listening to any voicemails I leave after.. What time do I start drinking?

Diane: Noon?

BoJack: Yup. See you later.

Diane: But we had an appointment.

BoJack: What's that? An actor flaking on an obligation? Welcome to Hollywood.

Diane: I think you mean Hollywoo. Did you see? Someone stole the D off the sign.

BoJack: Cough, cough, cough, cough, cough. Cough, cough, cough, cough, door slam.

Princess Carolyn: What is it, BoJack? You know, I'm tied up with all my Deans today. Kane, Norris, Winters, and Koontz, all being questioned by police.

BoJack: It was me. I stole the D.

Princess Carolyn: What?

BoJack: Now be a good agent and make this not my problem.

Princess Carolyn: How did you even? You know, your scandal-to-work ratio is, like, five to one?

BoJack: Look, I need to get rid of this before Diane sees it.

Princess Carolyn: Why do you care if Dia.. Oh, fish. Are you in love with your biographer?

BoJack: Wha-a-a-at? Ha-ha. What? Get out of here.

Princess Carolyn: You stole the D for Diane. Unbelievable!

BoJack: Yeah, I don't know. The D might be for David, because apparently when I was drunk, I printed out a bunch of pictures of David Boreanaz.

Princess Carolyn: Yeah.. You did that. Look, I'll keep your little crush busy long enough for you to get rid of the contraband, but the next three weddings I'm invited to, you're my date, dummy.

BoJack: Since when to women your age get invited to weddings?

Princess Carolyn: I have a lot of nieces and nephews!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, you pulled it off, you deviant. Get it? D-viant?

BoJack: I got it.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Tell me, how are you gonna complete your giant bracelet? With the chain-link fence from Dodger's Stadium?

BoJack: No. How'd you figure out it was me?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, how did I figure it out? Well, I just followed the clues, used deduction, puzzle-solving, a little bit of forensics, and also, what did I do? Oh, I listened to the voice-mail you left me saying you were stealing the D because of Diane so I could, and I quote, "Suck your D."

BoJack: Stop leaving voicemails!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Admit it! You like my girlfriend!

BoJack: Oh, come on. I mean, am I attracted to her? Sure. Do my days feel better when I'm around her? Yeah. Does she get me in ways no woman ever has? Indubitably. Do I fantasize about her? Yes, but only in two positions. Look, am I the kind of guy who would try to steal someone else's girlfriend? Sure, of course, but do I like her? The answer's no. You have nothing to worry about.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I'll cut you a deal. I help you get rid of that D, and you never talk to Diane again.

BoJack: Well, I have to talk to her, because she's writing my book.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay, but just don't pursue her romantically?

BoJack: Deal.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Ha! I knew I'd get that handshake.

BoJack: I regret this already.

Warden: Spread them wide, ladies. This is a random cavity search.

LKGL & Todd: Whoa! Buy a guy a drink first.

Todd: Did we just say that

Man: Oh!

Todd: At the same time?

LKGL: Look, I saw you talking to Klaus in the shower. Now, the Aryan's are good guys. Don't get me wrong. But I don't know if you're gonna get the right attention over there.

Todd: Uh, I'd hate to get lost in a shop that big.

LKGL: Now we can't offer you the works, but in the Latin Kings, you'll be a star. We're number two, and that means we try harder.

Todd: Am I really being courted by two gangs? Oh, I feel like the belle of the ball.

Princess Carolyn: So, this is the shapeless biographer I've heard so much about.

Diane: We've met several times. Did you just call me here to insult me?

Princess Carolyn: What is your secret, lady? I mean, how do you get two grown men fighting over you like a foul ball at a football game?

Diane: First of all, football doesn't have foul balls.

Princess Carolyn: Ugh, sports.

Diane: Second of all, nobody's fighting over me.

Princess Carolyn: Open your eyes. BoJack's clearly in love with you.

Diane: Wha-a-a-a-a-a-a-at? Get out of here!

Princess Carolyn: Get out of here? Why would I get out of here? You get out of here. This is my office.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I get the army men are police, but what's the mustard packet again?

BoJack: Oh, that's just a mustard packet. It's left over from lunch.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh. Well, can we move it off the table?

BoJack: No. I still might want it later.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Good call. So how do we get the D from here all the way up to here? What, with all these cops and mustards, it's gonna be a pickle.

BoJack: Oh, no. The pickle's a SWAT van, but I see your point. Might be easier to just ditch the evidence. But how?

Mr. Peanutbutter: I.. I don't know. You think these coffees would get the juices flowing.

BoJack: Well, they do have Bailey's in them.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Is that why I feel drunk? Because I've had, like, seven or eight coffees.

BoJack: I mean, I admit, it's been bad for ideas, but it's been great for camaraderie.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Couldn't agree more. Ooh, hey. What time is it? I probably need to move my helicopter. It's in a two-hour zone.

BoJack: You beautiful bastard, that's it! We can pick up the D with your chopper, fly it out of here, and then dump it out into the ocean.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Stupendous! Take that, the ocean.

BoJack: What now, Todd?

Todd: Listen. So, kind of landed myself in a two-dates-to-the-prom situation. The dates being prison gangs and the prom being a jump-in, so do you remember how you got out of the same jam on Horsin' Around?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Ah, a classic conundrum. Well, I recall one time on Mr.Peanutbutter's House..

BoJack: I think he's talking to me, pal. You know, the guy whose show invented the two-dates-to-the-prom story.

Mr. Peanutbutter: You may have invented it, but I think our show perfected it.

BoJack: The only thing you ever perfected -- was stealing my thunder.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Stealing your thunder, eh?

BoJack: Now you're even stealing the words I'm saying.

Todd: You know, it's tough. I agree with the Latin Kings on social issues, but fiscally I'm more of an Aryan.

BoJack: Well, juggling both never ends well. Mr.Peanutbutter, anything to contribute? He's just staring blankly now.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Stealing, your, thunder.

Todd: You could also just bail me out of here, as I said. It's only 50 bucks..

BoJack: Got to go, pal. Hope it's a magical night. All right, you ready for the plan?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, yeah. But we are gonna need a big distraction to keep the eyes off the skies.

BoJack: You leave that to me. Whoa, wait. You had a lot to drink. You better have a cup of coffee.

BoJack: Who loves you, people? Look this way, news media. A celebrity is throwing away his hard-earned cash. Everyone pay attention to me.

Woman: Oh, it's only one-dollar bills, folks. Don't bother.

BoJack: No, it's still free, spendable money. This is a huge story.

Man: Dollars are like the new penny.

Woman: Yeah. Cash is for poor people.

BoJack: What is wrong with you bozos? Just riot over the damn money already.

News Reporter: Well, nothing to see here, I guess.

Beyoncé: Ooh, ooh.. Whoa! Jesus Christ, my ankle..

Woman: Oh, my God. American singer-songwriter Beyoncé is hurt. Somebody help her!

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: Ring the alarm. Irreplaceable pop icon and independent woman Beyoncé has been injured. What more can you give us?

News Reporter: Details are sketchy at this point, but we do know Beyoncé is a survivor, and presumably she will keep on surviving.

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: But what happened?

News Reporter: Well, Tom, I'm being told she fell on all the single dollars.

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: All the single dollars?

News Reporter: All the single dollars.

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: All the single dollars?

News Reporter: All the single dollars.

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: Bills, bills, bills. We promise to provide live, unflinching coverage of this harrowing ordeal of a star gone from dangerously in love to dangerously in peril. Don't, stop, watching.

BoJack: Mr.Peanutbutter, take her home.

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo:</b> Doctors have confirmed that Beyoncé will never perform again. This just in. A break in the story of the Hollywoo heist. We now go live to the house of Mr.Peanutbutter, star of Mr.Peanutbutter's House.

BoJack: Ah, jeez. What did that idiot do?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Ladies and gentlemen of the press, I, and I alone, stole the D from the Hollywoo sign.

News Reporter: Just tell us, why'd you do it?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, I'll tell you why. I did it all for my girlfriend, Diane.

BoJack: Son of a bitch. That literal son of a bitch.

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: If you're joining us, Mr.Peanutbutter has confessed to stealing the D for his girlfriend Diane in what many are calling the most romantic gesture in the history of romance and gestures. We now await the L.A.P.D.'s move.

Fuzzyface: The day they make love a crime is the day I turn in my badge.

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: And here's our lady of the hour now, Diane.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Diane! What do you think?

Diane: Wow, Mr.Peanutbutter, uh, it's kind of a lot. I don't really like to be on camera.

Mr. Peanutbutter: And? Do you love anything or anyone?

Diane: I got to go. We'll talk about it later.

LKGL: Oh, my, Todd. You look.. You look beautiful, holmes.

Todd: What? This old thing? The guards made me wear it.

LKGL: Yeah, well, it suits you. You're an autumn, bro. Ahh. It's good, right?

Klaus: Oh.

LKGL: Come meet my boy, Santiago.

Todd: Uh, you know, I'll.. I'll be right back. I I left my cot unmade. Ooh, watch it. (to Klaus) Oh, sorry I'm late. Hope you didn't think I was pulling an Anne Frank on you.

Klaus: Good one.

BoJack: Can you believe it? I was double-crossed by the one man I assumed was too stupid to even single-cross.

Princess Carolyn: What? I have no idea what you're talking about. I do have a life outside of you, you know.

BoJack: Mr.Peanutbutter took my D and gave it to Diane. Once again, he completely ripped me off.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, right. That whole thing. Just a minute, Cate. Look, you may have come up with a log line, but he's the one who sold the pitch. This is more on brand for him than it is for you.

BoJack: What do you mean?

Princess Carolyn: Desecrated a major landmark in a drunken stupor, that's a BoJack Horseman thing. But stealing it for your girlfriend as a grand display of affection? That's Mr.Peanutbutter.

BoJack: You're right. It's Mr. Peanutbutter all over.

Princess Carolyn: It's the kind of bold, romantic gesture they base movies on. Actually, that's not a bad idea. Laura? Check if anyone's bought the rights yet.

BoJack: Can we keep this about me, please?

Princess Carolyn: Even if he stole your stealing of the D, what he made his was telling Diane how he felt from his heart. You could never say it to me, and you still can't say it to her.

BoJack: That's not true. I can express feelings.

BoJack: Nothing on the outside. Nothing on the inside.

Princess Carolyn: Look, I got to bounce. Quick question, though. Would you see Cate Blanchett in a movie about Eva Braun?

BoJack: Why are you wasting my time with this? Of course I would. Who wouldn't? 

Klaus: And that's why Eva Braun was like the fifth Beatle of the Third Reich.

Todd: Wow. I never knew neo-Nazis were so interested in Nazis.

Klaus: You got some great moves, Todd. You dance like a white man, and I love it.

Todd: Hey, no disrespect, but I got a few chess pieces I forgot need whittling. Oh, excuse me.

LKGL: Oh, thank God you're back. I was getting nervous that you left me for another gang. If that happened, I'd have to kill you.

BoJack: Thank you for rescheduling given your recent, uh, everything.

Diane: Yeah. That was really .. something.

BoJack: I guess he makes your heart stand Stiller?

Diane: Yeah, but for some reason the jury's Stiller out on how I feel about it.

BoJack: Well, that's because it wasn't for you. That wasn't a Diane thing. It was a Mr.Peanutbutter thing.

Diane: Well, what would be a Diane thing?

BoJack: A Diane thing would be something that shows he really knows you, like giving you an iPod loaded with all your favorite podcasts, or a practical houseplant, or surprising you with a bound album of photos and emails he saved. That's.. That's what the Diane I know would want.

Diane: What are you saying to me?

BoJack: Just that you should be with someone who knows you.

Diane: Yeah? Like who?

BoJack: I.. Whoa, were we.. Were we taping? Um, okay. Uh, you want to hear my Andy Dick story? It's a doozie.

LKGL: All we ask for is 10% of anything pilfered. Drugs, cigarettes. I mean, that's the standard gang rate.

Todd: Hey, I got to go, uh, do a prison thing.

LKGL: That sounds legitimate. We are in prison, after all.

Todd: Whew. Hey. White people, right?

Klaus: Todd? Why in the name of Pat Buchanan are you dressed like a Latin King?

Todd: Uh, what

LKGL: What the hell, bro?

Klaus: Are you playing both sides?

Todd: Look, guys, I didn't want to choose between you because I like you both. Look, in fact, if you just took the time to get to know each other the way you did me, I think you'd agree we don't need gangs anymore because, deep down, we're all just people. What do you say?

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: "LIVE" This just in. A standoff at the Super Max has turned into a full-on race war. But first, America has fallen in love with Hollywoo it-couple, Mr.Peanutbutter and Diane..

Mr. Peanutbutter: Diane? Is that you?

BoJack: Hey. It's, um, me. Look, uh, things got a bit weird earlier, so I--I want to make sure that we're still on for tomorrow to talk about the time I sneezed on Marisa Tomei.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I'm really sorry about before. I know the D was overkill, so I got you something more personal.

Diane: Aww.

BoJack: I also wanted to just, um, let you know how much I appreciate you working on this book with me.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I know I sometimes get carried away, but it's because I love you so much. You're a catch, Diane, and I think you know how much I love catch.

BoJack: And I'm sorry if I've been.. difficult in any way during this process. You know, it's-- It's really hard to have somebody, I don't know, know you, I guess. And you do, uh, know me, Diane.

Mr. Peanutbutter: We're very different, but I think we bring out the best in each other. It's like you're chocolate and I'm--

Diane: Peanutbutter?

Mr. Peanutbutter: What? Now see? That was so much better than what I was gonna say. I was gonna say carrots.

Diane: ha-ha-ha

BoJack: And I know I'm not the perfect guy. I actually kind of hate myself a lot of the time. But when When I'm with you, I, uh, don't hate myself. I like being around you, and I don't know if I ever told you that in so many words, so I'm telling you.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Diane, I've got an important question to ask. No cameras, no big spectacle. Just me, and, you.

BoJack: Call me back. This was BoJack, by the way. Horseman, obviously.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Will you do me the honor.. Of becoming Mrs.Peanutbutter?

Diane: Wow. This is happening so fast. Yes. I'll marry you. But I'm keeping my last name.

Mr. Peanutbutter: You hear that? She said yes!! Let's kick it! Erica, did you hear she said yes? Come on in here! All right!

BoJack: She's not gonna call. Get out the consolation scotch. It's her! Make that celebration scotch.

Bartender: What's the difference?

BoJack: It's the same scotch! Diane! Hey, you!

Diane: Hey. So this is weird. I'm engaged.

BoJack: Oh, wow. To Mr.Peanutbutter?

Diane: I saw you left me a voice-mail

BoJack: Delete it. It's just a drunken recipe for Bundt cake. Not important.

Diane: Okay. I got to go. They're about to move the D back. See you tomorrow?

BoJack: Absolutely. Well, nobody knows me like you.

Pilot: Time to bring this baby home. To think I went from flying missions over Kandahar to this cushy crap. (CRASH) I spoke too soon! Black Hawk down! Black Hawk down!

Todd: See, you guys aren't so different.

Klaus: We're free! We're free!

LKGL: Yeah!

Klaus: Freedom! I am free! Freedom!

Todd: Oh, wow. What a twist, huh? And they say there's no new stories in Hollywoo. (sighs) 

Princess Carolyn: You got to get your shit together. So you took some licks, but you're gonna bounce back, because you're talented, you're smart, and damn it, you're good. You are a goddamn American treasure, you know that? You are BoJack goddamn Horseman. So get the hell off my lawn.

BoJack: Oh. Here I thought I was at the drive-through at Carl's Jr. How much did I have to drink last night?

Princess Carolyn: Last night? Oh, you've been on a bender for the last two weeks, ever since you found out Diane got engaged to Mr.Peanutbutter.

BoJack: Diane got engaged to Mr.Peanutbutter? I need a drink.

Princess Carolyn: No. No more drinking. You've been out of control.

BoJack: Princess Carolyn, look. I met John Stamos.

Princess Carolyn: That is not John Stamos.

BoJack: Hey, Princess Carolyn, John Stamos and I got our ears pierced.

Princess Carolyn: That is not your ear.

BoJack: Princess Carolyn, John Stamos died. Why? Why, God? Why did you take John Stamos?

BoJack: That doesn't sound so bad.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, I forgot to mention you were naked for a lot of that.

BoJack: Stamos!

Princess Carolyn: Also, it wasn't here. It was at my office.

BoJack: We thought night swimming would be fun, but the current was too strong.

BoJack: Oh, God, I wasn't driving around, was I?

Princess Carolyn: No. You made Todd your designated driver, but then you also made him drink with you.

Todd: Yeah, I'll have a western bacon cheeseburger.

Princess Carolyn: BoJack, we are going to get you back on your feet. All you need to do is get off Diane and get on to something else.

Tony: Hello?

Princess Carolyn: Tony, hi. I'm calling in that favor. Get your crew to BoJack Horseman's house. Can you be there in an hour?

Tony: Yeah.

Princess Carolyn: Great.

BoJack: What just happened?

Princess Carolyn: You're the new face of Guten Bourbon.

BoJack: What is Guten Bourbon?

Princess Carolyn: It's an urban German bourbon.

BoJack: Am I just hungover, or are you talking like a Muppet?

Princess Carolyn: They're looking for American celebrities to talk about how much they like to drink. It's the part you were born to play. All you have to do is smile and stay upright.

BoJack: I don't know. It sounds like a lot of work.

Princess Carolyn: You take up 80% of my time with your drama and make me 0% of my money. Do the damn commercial. Okay, I got to go. You're in charge, Todd. Keep this dummy out of trouble.

Todd: Hooray, responsibility.

BoJack: Hey. Do you really believe all that stuff you said to me earlier about me being smart and talented and good?

Princess Carolyn: BoJack, I'm an agent. I believe everything I say.

BoJack: Ah.

Todd: Hey, where the hell is that cheeseburger? I ordered it, like, an hour ago.

Princess Carolyn: Lenny Turteltaub, you skinny bitch. How the hell are you?

Lenny: I'm in a hurry, so I'll make this.. snappy. I got some great news about the picture we're putting together. I got..

Princess Carolyn: Sorry. Hello?

BoJack: Hey, I just wanted to thank you for getting me this job and pulling me out of that oh-so-predictably BoJack spiral of self-loathing and substance abuse. You really are the best.

Princess Carolyn: I know. Talk to you later.

BoJack: I feel like you see things in me that nobody else sees.

Princess Carolyn: Yep, I'm pretty great. Got to go.

BoJack: All this time, I never even..

Princess Carolyn: BoJack, I'm in a very important breakfast right now.

BoJack: Okay. I got to go, too.

Princess Carolyn: Sorry. What's the great news?

Lenny: We got Braff.

Princess Carolyn: You beautiful dickhead. You finally got Zach Braff? Ah, no other director has enough weight to handle a movie about the last days of Eva Braun.

Lenny: No shit, toots.

Waitress: Ooh, ooh, ooh. There you go.

Lenny: Thank you, sweetheart.

Princess Carolyn: Everything's coming together. With Braff directing, my client Cate Blanchett starring, and the great Lenny Turteltaub producing, this movie is a done deal.

Lenny: Look, honey, I been in this business a long time, okay? Long time. And as I once said to a young Ed Begley Sr., "It ain't a done deal till the deals are all done."

Princess Carolyn: I'm the best agent in the biz. I can seal these deals with my paws in my pants.

Lenny: Well, then I'll say to you what I once said to a young Buster Keaton, "What?"

Princess Carolyn: Laura! What's happening?

Laura: We're merging.

Princess Carolyn: No shit. With what?

Laura: FME. A bunch of people got laid off, and some of the FMEERS are already moving in. It's all so sudden and unexpected. It was not handled well.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, shit. Don't tell me one of the new agents is--

Laura: Vanessa Gekko.

Princess Carolyn: That slippery, slimy, cold-blooded, bug-eyed

Vanessa Gekko: What's new, pussycat?

Princess Carolyn: Gekko.

Vanessa: In the flesh.

Princess Carolyn: Ha ha. How are you?

Vanessa: What a morning, huh? I was in the middle of my second soul cycle class when I got the news. Can you imagine?

Princess Carolyn: No.

Vanessa: I was so excited, I rushed home, made love to my husband of 15 years, made a hot breakfast for my three wonderful girls, read to them, dropped them off at their elite private school, and then got my ass here as quick as I could. Um, how old are your kids now?

Princess Carolyn: I don't have any children.

Vanessa: Oh, well, it'll happen. You're still.. Anyway..

Mr. Witherspoon: Princess Carolyn. I see you've already met a new member of the team.

Vanessa: Vanessa Gekko, sir.

Mr. Witherspoon: I know that. This merger is very exciting.

Princess Carolyn: I'm pumped.

Vanessa: I'm beyond pumped.

Mr. Witherspoon: You should be, or at least I think you should be. It's hard to keep track of who's getting promoted - and who's getting fired.

Princess Carolyn: Oh.

Mr. Witherspoon: You're probably fine or not. Who knows?

Princess Carolyn: Ugh. What do you want, Todd?

Todd: Well, good news, bad news. The bad news is that there actually is no good news, and the other bad news is BoJack's gone.

Princess Carolyn: What? Where did he go? The shoot is at his house.

Todd: He just disappeared. I don't even know why he'd leave. This charcoal mellowed bourbon is so smooth, every time I take a sip, pure happiness.

Charlie: That was amazing.

Todd: Really?

Charlie: Can I get you to say that in a tuxedo?

Todd: Hey, I got to go. I think this is my big break. Don't worry. I won't let it get to my head or anything. Hey, who told that asshole he could sit in my chair?

Princess Carolyn: Don't forget I'm your agent, too! I want 10%.

BoJack: Hello, beautiful.

Princess Carolyn: What the hell are you doing here? You're supposed to be shooting a commercial.

BoJack: I know, but I was sitting there drinking bourbon and..

Princess Carolyn: They didn't give you fake bourbon on set?

BoJack: Oh, they did, and then I just mixed it with bourbon. And it hit me. Why was I so upset about Diane getting engaged? You're the one who's always been there for me, so I drank a lot more bourbon and drove over to tell you how I feel.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, I see what this is.

BoJack: Princess Carolyn, what are we doing? Clearly we're in love with each other.

Princess Carolyn: You're not in love with me. You're in love with Diane. And you're not even really in love with her. You just think you are because you pay her to listen to you talk about yourself.

BoJack: Diane getting engaged was the best thing that ever happened to me. It made me realize you're the one I need to be with.

Princess Carolyn: Ha! You say that every time something bad happens.

BoJack: Not getting nominated for a People's Choice Award is the best thing that ever happened to me. It made me realize...

BoJack: .. Getting caught with that pound of cocaine was the best thing that ever happened to me.

BoJack: That hooker getting pregnant was the best thing that ever happened to me.

BoJack: Sneezing on Marisa Tomei was the best..

Princess Carolyn: Every time something bad happens, you come running to me for comfort. Well, it's not gonna happen this time. I can't be your agent and your girlfriend. It just doesn't work.

Laura: I have Lenny Turteltaub for you.

Princess Carolyn: I have to take this.

BoJack: Okay. But remember, I'm coming for you, and I'm gonna make you love me.

Princess Carolyn: Please don't. Hey.

Lenny: Bad news, P.C. Braff used your merger as an opportunity to jump ship.

Princess Carolyn: Aw, fish.

Lenny: Now his new agent's asking for twice the money. As I once said to a young Lionel Barrymore, "Eh, shut up."

Princess Carolyn: Without a director, Eva Braun is as dead as Eva Braun.

Lenny: Yep. You got to get someone big. What about those brothers

Princess Carolyn: Hello? Hello?

BoJack: Lady, you work too hard.

Princess Carolyn: That was an important phone call.

BoJack: Important phone call beep boop blorp.

Princess Carolyn: Don't you robot-voice me.

BoJack: Princess Carolyn, what are we doing?

Princess Carolyn: Well, I'm working, and you are leaving.

BoJack: Before I go, I got you a little sexy something to remember me by. Since we can't be together every second, which would be my preference, I give you cardboard BoJack. It's got a light-sensitive sound chip, so every time you walk by it, it quotes a line from Jerry Maguire, your favorite movie.

BoJack: What do you think? Pretty sweet, huh? 

Princess Carolyn: I don't have time for you or cardboard you. I need to find a new director.

BoJack: Or you could find my nude erector.. She's gone.

Princess Carolyn: Blech. Word to the wise, Laura -- Do not pitch a Nazi romance to Steven Spielberg.

Laura: Just thought you should know there's been some reorganization -- vis-a-vis resource management.

Princess Carolyn: What are you saying?

Laura: You and Vanessa Gekko are sharing an office until they can find her a permanent one.

Princess Carolyn: The hell we are.

Laura: Also..

BoJack: Good news, Princess Carolyn. Vanessa's my agent now.

Princess Carolyn: What?

BoJack: You said you couldn't be my girlfriend and my agent, so I'm firing you. Now we can be in love.

Vanessa: Hope you like money, BoJack.

BoJack: This is so great. Now I can date you and have a better agent. Everybody wins.

Princess Carolyn: Oh.

BoJack: I'm a sporting agent.

Todd: Are you still searching for happiness? Make your own.. happiness. Mmm, that's some Guten Bourbon.

Charlie: Cut. That was great.

Todd: Was it? You know, I'm trying to do good work here, really find the character, but it's pretty distracting to have all these robots staring at me with their blinking red eyes.

Charlie: Those are cameras, Todd. We're making a commercial.

Todd: Oh, well, you want to make a good one? Then get them the hell out of here! I'm the face of this brand, I'm the man behind the thing, and I'm determined to get the jargon of this German bourbon blurbin'. Is it just me, or does this fake booze taste a lot like real booze?

Princess Carolyn: You want BoJack, you can have him. Here's a list of directors who won't work with him, studios that won't hire him, former assistants with restraining orders.

Vanessa: This is great. You know, it gets kind of boring when all your clients are in such demand, they practically find their own jobs.

Princess Carolyn: Well, then BoJack should be a lot of fun for you. No one wants to hire him.

Blue Jay: Hello. We're looking for BoJack Horseman's agent. We'd like to discuss a very lucrative business opportunity.

Princess Carolyn: You gotta be kidding me.

Vanessa: I'm BoJack's agent.

Robin: The opportunity is we're blackmailing you.

Princess Carolyn: Ha. All yours.

Blue Jay: Needless to say, it would be a shame if these pictures got out. Fortunately, that can easily be avoided {#PASS} by simply paying me and my partner here $150.

Robin: Each.

Vanessa: Let me just get my checkbook.

Princess Carolyn: Huh?

Robin: Whoa.

Vanessa: Oh, except California law prohibits taking photos on private property without a permit, but you had a permit, right?

Blue Jay: Uh

Robin: What's that?

Vanessa: Oh, also, extortion can be prosecuted as a class E felony. That's four years in prison, easy, and when you throw in the murder of Tupac Shakur

Robin: We didn't do that.

Blue Jay: Yeah, yeah. You can't pin that on us.

Vanessa: Well, someone's got to take the fall.

Robin: Sorry to bother you.

Blue Jay: Forget we were ever here.

Vanessa: That was fun. Hey, Laura, send those guys a nice fruit-and-nut basket.

Laura: You got it, boss.

Princess Carolyn: Who said you could use my assistant?

Mr.Witherspoon: I did.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, hello, Mr.Witherspoon.

Mr.Witherspoon: Did you know the human head weighs 8 pounds? Fascinating. So sorry we have to double up on everything while we work out who goes where and who gets fired, but in the meantime, help yourself to an intern, one of the rising stars at our company Charley Witherspoon.

Charley: Hello. I.. Oh. Sorry, my.. My hands are really sticky. Oh, God, am I blowing this?

Mr.Witherspoon: Charley was the editor of The Harvard Lampoon.

Vanessa: He can be Princess Carolyn's new assistant while I use Laura.

Princess Carolyn: Ugh.

Vanessa: Good thinking, boss.

Charley: Ah, ah, phone is ringing. Phone is ringing. What do I do? What do I do?

Princess Carolyn: I'll take it in here, Charlie. Hello.

Charlie: Princess Carolyn, your client is out of control.

Princess Carolyn: BoJack is not my client anymore.

Charlie: Not BoJack. Todd. I think someone mixed alcohol into his prop drink.

Todd: Oh, you pretenders. Bourbon is the name of a county. You can't just make bourbon in Germany. That would be like making Rice-A-Roni - anywhere but San Francisco.

Crue: No, no, no, no, no.

Princess Carolyn: Ugh. I'll be right there.

Todd: Ow.

Princess Carolyn: You got to get your shit together. You are a winner, okay? You are Todd.. Hold on. Fish. Okay, you are Todd goddamn.. What's your last name?

Todd: Chavez.

Princess Carolyn: Your last name is Chavez?

Todd: Yeah. Why?

Princess Carolyn: I don't know, I just never thought of you as a Chavez. Look, I got to go.

Todd: I feel like you didn't really finish the pep talk.

Princess Carolyn: I know, but I got a movie to put together. Best of luck.

Quentin Tarantulino: Ready for the tagline? Here's the tagline.

Princess Carolyn: What the heck is going on?

Quentin Tarantulino: "The woman who loved the man who hated everyone." That writes itself.

Princess Carolyn: You got to be kidding me.

Vanessa: Hey, where were you? We looked everywhere.

Princess Carolyn: You're having the Eva Braun meeting without me?

Vanessa: I'm so sorry, but I didn't know what the protocol was around here, and these guys were just champing at the bit. We're just wrapping up.

Princess Carolyn: But Cate is my client.

Vanessa: Okay, why don't I come to find you when it's over, and I'll bring you up to speed?

Princess Carolyn: Is that Quentin Tarantulino?

Vanessa: Yeah. I brought him on board. You know he's always wanted to direct a romantic comedy?

Princess Carolyn: Eva Braun is not a romantic comedy.

Vanessa: Bye. 

BoJack: He's right, you know. Oh, ooh, oh, oh, over-rotate. Hey.

Princess Carolyn: I just missed an important meeting because I was babysitting Todd, who's too drunk to work because you switched out the prop bourbon with the real bourbon. You are ruining my life.

BoJack: Have dinner with me tonight.

Princess Carolyn: No way.

BoJack: Come on, just me, you, and a bottle of Pinot. Probably more than one bottle and some entrees. And I'll probably get an appetizer. I own the restaurant, so we can go crazy.

Princess Carolyn: I have to work.

BoJack: You don't have to work. You choose to work.

Princess Carolyn: Hmm.

BoJack: Why not choose to be happy for once?

Princess Carolyn: Mm.

BoJack: When you're writing a memoir, you spend a lot of time reflecting on the past. I regret not being a better friend to you and lover.

Princess Carolyn: Thank you. Lover's kind of a weird word, but thanks.

BoJack: You want to get out of this stuffy old restaurant, get some gelato, and maybe drive out to the ocean - and put our feet in the water?

Princess Carolyn: That sounds great. Let me just freshen up my whiskers.

BoJack: Great. I'll get the car and meet you outside. You scamper right back, pussycat. You look at your reflection too long, you might fall in love. She's gone.

Princess Carolyn: What do you want, Gekko?

Vanessa: Well, I was hoping to talk to you face-to-face, but I guess you had to leave work early.

Princess Carolyn: I left at 8:30. What is it?

Vanessa: Well, Cate and I had a really good talk today. We have so much in common, and especially since I'm doing so much for Eva Braun, it almost seemed weird that I wasn't repping her.

Princess Carolyn: No. No. No, no, no, no. No, no, no.

Vanessa: She and I are both high-powered working mothers, so I understand her priorities, so she's switching to Gekko. Wow, being a mom helped my career? I really can have it all.

Princess Carolyn: This isn't fair. I know everything about Cate. Her favorite color is red. Her favorite book is Suffragette City. Her favorite Spice Girl is Baby.

Vanessa: I know all I need to know, which is that she's beautiful, she's British, and she's gonna make me a lot of money.

Princess Carolyn: She's Australian, you moron.

Vanessa: If you need me, I'll be at work. Bye-e-e!

Princess Carolyn: Bye-e-e. Ugh.

Charley: Uh, telephone.

Princess Carolyn: Charley, get me Cate Blanchett.

Charley: Um, who is Okay, I don't Uh, uh, sorry, I can't.. Oh, sticky.

Princess Carolyn: You know what? Never mind. If Vanessa Gekko wants Cate that bad, she can have her. I'm gonna be okay. I'm gonna be happy. Tonight, I choose to be happy.

Charley: Hello? I think I put you on mute.

Princess Carolyn: Good night, Charley.

BoJack: Holy shit. Herb! How the hell are you, buddy?

Herb: Ruin' any lives lately?

BoJack: Excuse me?

Herb: I got your message, asshole. You got something to say to me, you come out to Malibu and say it to my face. I'll be alive tomorrow. After that, who knows?

Princess Carolyn: Sorry that took me so long. Just wanted to look my best for you, lover.

BoJack: Hey, um, I just got kind of a.. weird phone call.

Princess Carolyn: You and me both. Hey, screw 'em all, right?

BoJack: Yeah.

Princess Carolyn: Are we going to gelato?

BoJack: Princess Carolyn, what are we doing?

Princess Carolyn: Getting gelato?

BoJack: This was a mistake. I've been acting crazy. That phone call just pulled me back to reality. You were right. I don't love you. You don't love me. We're just two lonely people trying to hate ourselves a little less. Maybe that's all we're ever gonna be. Maybe that's all we ever were.

Princess Carolyn: Well, this night took a turn. You know the worst part? I knew this was gonna happen and I let myself get excited anyway.

BoJack: So we agree that this is on you, then? I guess I'll see you around.

Princess Carolyn: You're not even gonna give me a ride home?

BoJack: Sorry, I think I just need to be alone right now.

Princess Carolyn: Of course, of course. That's what you get when you fall for a horse. Taxi!

Princess Carolyn: You got to get your shit together. So yesterday, you let yourself fall in love a little bit, and you got your heart broken. Serves you right for having feelings. Starting now, you are a hard, heartless career gal. Go to work, be awesome at it, and don't waste time on foolish flights of fancy. From now on, you are a robot. Beep bop boop blurp bleep.

BoJack: Hello.

Princess Carolyn: I just want you to know that I'm fine.

BoJack: Uh-oh. People only say they're fine when they're not fine. Did I hurt your feelings last night?

Princess Carolyn: I'm an agent. I don't have feelings.

BoJack: Well, I'm glad you called. I think that you had the right idea yesterday. I should be getting back to work. Can you get me another job?

Princess Carolyn: Yeah, well, I'm not your agent anymore, so, no.

BoJack: Oh, right. Well, just tell whoever, then. Haah!!

Woman: Whoa. Asshole!

BoJack: Anyway, I'm off to Malibu to see Herb Kazzaz. He has cancer, which, as you know, is a whole thing. Plus, he hates me, so I could really use some good news at the end of the day.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, my God, you're going to see Herb? You must be really.. Nope, don't care. Not interested. Hope you like kicking ass, Charlie, because that's all we're gonna do today.

Charley: My tie got stuck in the copier this morning.

Princess Carolyn: That's great, Charlie.

Charley: If you flip them real quick, it looks like the tie is running.

Princess Carolyn: Hey, Vanessa, your client, BoJack Horseman, wants a job. Good luck.

Vanessa: Oh, yeah, about that. Gwyneth came in this morning, and I wanted to show her that she was a top priority, so I shredded BoJack's contract right in front of her. Heh heh

Princess Carolyn: What? You just signed BoJack yesterday.

Mr. WITHERSPOON: I say good riddance to Mr... Houseman or whatever that horse's name is. It's not like he makes this company any money, and he does seem to take up an awful lot of your time.

Princess Carolyn: He's kind of in a bad place right now. You can't just drop him.

Mr. Witherspoon: The best agent in this building couldn't get that guy a job.

Princess Carolyn: The best agent in this building got him a job yesterday, and I could get him a feature by the end of today.

Mr. Witherspoon: If you want to get him a movie by the end of the day, great, do that. Otherwise, we are washing our hands of him. Charley, I hear NBC picked up your running tie show. Congratulations.

Charley: Thank you, Dad.

Princess Carolyn: Hey, Marty, Princess Carolyn here. How'd you like to work with the BoJack Horseman? What's that? You hate his guts? What's that? He's a talentless Boob? What's that? You'll never work with BoJack again? What's that? You want him to die in an ass factory warehouse fire, smothering to death under a pile of burning asses? Well, if you change your mind, give me a call. Oh, BoJack, what am I gonna do with you?

Vanessa: I don't understand why you're going through all this trouble for him. That guy's dead weight, Princess Carolyn. If you don't cut him loose, you're never gonna be happy.

Princess Carolyn: That's it. Of course.

Princess Carolyn: Cameron Crow, you skinny bitch. You know Jerry Maguire's my favorite movie of all time? All your films are so human, which is super impressive since you're a crow.

Cameron Crow: Well, my name is Cameron Crow, but I'm actually a raven, so common misconception.

Princess Carolyn: Well, whatever you are

Cameron Crow: A raven.

Princess Carolyn: I brought you this

Cameron Crow: Suffragette City "a coming of age story about rock music, being a teenager in the '80s and buying zoos"? How have I not heard of this book?

Princess Carolyn: You'd be the perfect director to make a movie out of it, and I happen to know this is Cate Blanchett's favorite book. I'll bet she'll drop everything to play the part. You should give her a caw...

Cameron Crow: Okay, I see.. Yeah. Caw is what crows say. Again, I am not a crow.

Vanessa: Cate, listen to me, you're making a big mistake. Eva Braun is your dream, remember? Cate? Hello? Cate!

Princess Carolyn: Oh, no. What happened? Did Cate drop out of your little Holocaust movie so she could make my little Cameron Crow movie? Why don't you go home and cry about it to your loving husband and children?

Mr. Witherspoon: Say, which one of you is overseeing the Eva Braun package?

Vanessa: That would be me, sir.

Mr. Witherspoon: Vanessa, you really shat the bed on this one. Now, are you fired? Not exactly. Can you still work here? No.

Laura: Lenny Turteltaub here to see you.

Princess Carolyn: Thanks, Laura.

Lenny: So, one minute I'm making a movie with Cate Blanchett. Next, I hear she's doing a picture with Cameron Crow about mix tapes. As I said to Ed Porter at the premiere of The Great Train Robbery, "Aah, the train's coming right at me." What the hell is going on?

Princess Carolyn: I don't know, Lenny. Eva Braun was Vanessa's project.

Lenny: All that work for nothing. Now Quentin Tarantulino's got four arms up my ass 'cause he got all excited about making a rom-com.

Princess Carolyn: You know what would be a great romantic comedy? Remember when that guy stole the D from the Hollywood sign so he could propose to his girlfriend?

Lenny: That would make a great movie, but who would play the lead, huh? Preferably someone kind of washed up. You know how much Quentin loves to revitalize dead careers. It's kind of his thing.

Princess Carolyn: Well, in that case, you know who'd be great?
 
BoJack: Yeah.

Princess Carolyn: Good news. You're back in my stable, and I got you the lead in a romantic comedy. Who's the best agent in the world?

BoJack: What?

Princess Carolyn: I went through hell and back today, but it was worth it because I got you a job. Aren't you excited?

BoJack: No. I don't know. I don't care about that.

Princess Carolyn: You.. You said you wanted a job.

BoJack: It doesn't matter. Nothing matters.

Princess Carolyn: Wow. What happened in Malibu?

BoJack: I got to go.

Laura: Need anything else?

Princess Carolyn: No, thanks, Laura. Go home. I'll see you tomorrow.

Laura: Are you gonna head out soon?

Princess Carolyn: Where else would I go?

Phone: Happy birthday, Princess Carolyn.

Princess Carolyn: Thanks, phone.

Phone: You are 40.

BoJack: Oh, right. Well, just tell whoever, then. Haa-aah!

Pedestrian: Asshole!

BoJack: Anyway, I'm off to Malibu to see Herb Kazzaz. He has cancer, which, as you know, is a whole thing. Plus, he hates me, so I could really use some good news at the end of the day.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, my God. You're going to see Herb? You must be reall— Nope. Don't care. Not interested.

BoJack: Okay, Good talk.

Diane: Hey. You ready for this?

BoJack: Listen. I want to make sure I don't spend any time alone with Herb. I'm bringing you along as my buffer.

Diane: And your memoirist. I should meet your old best friend before he dies of cancer.

BoJack: Fine, I guess. Just don't abandon me. No bathroom breaks. And don't slip out of the room to text your fiancé a bunch of winky smileys with hearts next to them—Gross. Congratulations on the whole being engaged thing, by the way.

Diane: Thanks. It's just starting to hit me. I'm getting married. Thank God I don't have to die alone. No offense.

BoJack: None taken. 'Till you said, "No offense."

Diane: So what's the deal with you and this guy? You never talk about him.

BoJack: Well, I kind of, maybe stabbed him in the back. Yeah, it's a bit of a story. A story of power, betrayal, and ambitious hairstyles. The year? 198..

Todd: Movie's over.

BoJack: Watch the next one.

Todd: Aw, I'm tired of watching movies. Do you want to play a game?

BoJack: Sure. I spy with my little eye someone who needs to shut the hell up.

Todd: Is it me?

BoJack: It's always you. Now, where was I?

Diane: You were about to tell a story about you being a shitty friend, but then, we got interrupted by you yelling at Todd.

BoJack: Oh, yeah. Shut up, Todd.

Herb: Why do we need a kitchen and a bathroom? Pipes are pipes, people. Do we really need a toilet and a sink and a bathtub and—Wait, hold on—A whole 'nother room with another sink? They're all just holes to the ocean, lady. I mean, come on.

Charlotte: BoJack, you're late. Here. I got you a beer. It's on the house. Don't tell my boss.

BoJack: Thanks, Charlotte, but one beer gets me tipsy. I got to be clear-headed for my set. Looks like Herb's killing.

Charlotte: Yeah, and the suits from ABC are here.

Charlotte: Look. They're nodding. That's the executive version of laughing.

BoJack: Wow. They must be serious about Herb. That's Angela Diaz. She's the woman who made pantsuits a thing.

Charlotte: Oh, before I forget. Herb and I are gonna see Back to the Future again this weekend. Want to come?

BoJack: I'm in. That movie was amazing, except for all the lame time period jokes. We get it. The '50s were different. I'll have a New Coke, please. Listen, you guys don't need to include me on your dates. Sometimes, it makes me feel like a third wheel.

Charlotte: BoJack, stop. Without the third wheel, how would you ride a tricycle?

BoJack: Wouldn't that make it a bicycle?

Bubbles: Herb Kazzaz, ladies and gentlemen.

Herb: Hey-ooh!

BoJack: Great set, man. It's like everything you said was something I've thought before but never had the balls to say.

Herb: Thanks, BJ. I set 'em up. Now, you knock 'em down.

Bubbles: Let's give it up for BoJack Horseman.

BoJack: Well, thank you, Bubbles. I love L.A. Don't you guys? The prettiest girls in the world flock to this city, and they end up with total knobs. Take this couple, for example.

BoJack: Excuse me, miss. Is that your date?

Woman: He's my husband.

BoJack: That's your husband? You can do better. Give me a call after the show.

BoJack: I'm just kidding around. I'm not kidding around.

BoJack: Ugh. Maker's Manhattan? 2:00 P.M.? Not judging. That guy tipped me a quarter. That's barely enough money to buy three gallons of gas.

Herb: You want a slug?

BoJack: No, I got to stay sharp. I got another audition this afternoon. God, I can't wait till I'm finally up for real jobs instead of these dumb commercials. "Here's the thing about most long-distance plans."

Herb: Ugh. I hate when people say that. "Here's the thing."

BoJack: It's so stupid.

Herb: Just say the thing. You don't need to introduce the concept that there's going to be a thing.

BoJack: I don't expect to be offered Secretariat right away, but when am I gonna be up for real roles?

Herb: We'll get there, BJ. We both will. In fact, if I play my cards right, I might get there real soon.

BoJack: Wait. Did the guys from ABC call?

Herb: Uh-huh. They invited me to some hotshot event at LACMA this weekend. I'm gonna pitch 'em a TV show while they're drunk.

BoJack: An off-the-clock, non-work-related social event? That's the perfect time to pitch a TV show. You're brilliant.

Charlotte: These people are so fancy.

Herb: Look, look, look. Hey, hey, look. That's Joyce DeWitt, isn't it? That's Joyce DeWitt. And that's Angela Diaz.

Charlotte: And that's Ubu, the guy who sits.

Herb: He is a good dog.

BoJack: Guys, don't take your eyes off the prize. We need to fill Charlotte's bag with these mini quiches. This is our breakfast for June.

Man: Herb Kazzaz.

BoJack: Shit, we're busted. Pretend you don't speak English.

Charlotte: Buongiorno. Bon Jovi.

BoJack: Salutations. Crap, that's English.

Man: Hey, you mind if I steal this superstar for a second?

Herb: Okay, yeah. I'll catch you two later. Stay out of trouble. Oh, ho.

BoJack: Well, there he goes. Herb's about to hit the big time, and I'm just gonna be a small-fry doing tiny commercials and eating mini quiches.

Charlotte: You're dead wrong. You're gonna be a big success. Herb says that to me all the time. He thinks the world of you.

BoJack: He does?

Charlotte: Yeah, I'm not worried about if you'll become a star. I'm more worried about how you'll change when it happens.

BoJack: Like, you think I'll get fat?

Charlotte: No, that's not what I'm talking about.

BoJack: So you're saying I definitely won't get fat?

Charlotte: No.

BoJack: Well, make up your mind, lady.

Charlotte: Look over there. See those tar pits? Hollywood's a really pretty town that's smack on top of all that black tar. By the time you realize you're sinking, it's too late.

BoJack: Wait, is this a science lesson?

Charlotte: No, BoJack, it's a metaphor.

BoJack: Ugh, that's worse.

Charlotte: BoJack, I'm moving to Maine.

BoJack: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Really? Does Herb know?

Charlotte: Yeah. I don't think I'm the person Herb's looking for.

BoJack: I'm going to miss you, Charlotte.

Charlotte: Hey, do you ever wonder what would have happened if you'd met me before Herb did? Would you have made a move on me?

BoJack: Charlotte

Charlotte: I don't think you would have. You know why? I think you're a coward. Now go stuff some prosciutto in your pants before that Webster kid takes it all.

Herb: I love this town.

BoJack: Why did you bring me to Griffith Park? Are we gonna get in a knife fight like in Rebel Without a Cause?

Herb: I hate that title.

BoJack: He had several causes.

Herb: I wanted to give you this. Look out at that city. What do you see?

BoJack: Wow, I didn't realize there were so many day hookers.

Herb: I see a city that you and I will run someday, and when we're both famous and have everything we've ever wanted, we'll come back here together and high five.

BoJack: I'm not fully on board with this new high five thing. Whatever happened to the low five? Give me some skin.

Herb: BJ, listen. I got a call from ABC today. They bought my TV pitch.

BoJack: What? That's amazing. What's the show?

Herb: It's called Horsin' Around.

BoJack: Well, good luck on your rocket ship to the top without me.

Herb: No, BoJack, the show's about a horse, and I told those suits if they want my show, then that horse is gonna be BJ Goddamn Horseman.

BoJack: Oh, my God.

Herb: And they said, "No."

BoJack: Oh.

Herb: And I said, "Please?" And they said, "Okay." So, what do you say? Want to be my star?

BoJack: Seriously? Of course, I do. Of course, Herb. Jesus Christ, thank you.

BOTH: Mm-hmm

BoJack: Whoa, whoa. I think you got the wrong idea here.

Herb: Yeah, no, man.

BoJack: Whoa. Herb, I'm not

Herb: Me either. No, I just You know, I caught up in the moment.

BoJack: Yeah, no, I gotcha.

Herb: BJ, can you believe it? We're gonna make an actual TV show! One that takes an unflinching look at the gritty reality of the American family. Just kidding. Let's get rich!

Both: Yeah.

BoJack: Generic '90s grunge song; Everyone in flannel; Generic '90s grunge song; Something from Seattle

BoJack: Why would I say, "You'll never get me in that sweater" in this scene and then, in the very next scene, I'm wearing the sweater? Did my character suddenly forget that he didn't want to wear a sweater?

Writer: No, see, that's actually the joke.

BoJack: Don't explain the joke to me. I just don't understand how it's a joke.

Writer: So you do want me to explain it to you?

BoJack: I want you to add a scene showing how I changed my mind about the sweater so the goddamn episode makes sense. Look at me, doing your job for you. Way to go, Shakespeare.

Herb: BJ, you're doing the scene as written.

BoJack: What happened to the stories I requested? Where's my rap? You said you'd write me a rap.

Herb: We're working on it. We just need a rhyme for "and I'm here to say."

BoJack: Well, what about giving me Rollerblades? How are people gonna know that my character is hip if he doesn't roll the blade?

Herb: Just get out there and do your job. Every one of your ideas is stupid or racist.

BoJack: That was one pitch, and I didn't say they're all thieves. But if you're too scared to start a national dialogue, maybe I'll take my ideas home. Good luck making Horsin' Around without the horse.

Sharona: BoJack, hon. That audience out there traveled from all over the country just to taste some of your magic. Do you really want to disappoint them?

BoJack: Okay, Sharona. I'll go out and jerk this limp script until it gets hard, but I'm not doing it for Herb. I'm doing it for the fans.

Herb: And your 30K an episode.

Announcer: Let's give it up for BoJack Horseman!

BoJack: And there better be some Zimas in my dressing room after the show. (cheers and applause) Wait a minute. This isn't the bar. I got to fire my assistant. (laughter) You guys sound like you're ready for a show.

(rock music)

BoJack: Oh, gross. Why do I keep trying to like Zima? (phone rings) Talk to me, world.

Princess Carolyn: BoJack, it's Princess Carolyn. How are you doing today?

BoJack: Well, I'll tell you my problem. I just keep getting handsomer.

Princess Carolyn: Good problems to have. Hold for a sec. I've got your agent on the line.

Marv: BoJack Goddamn Horseface. I got some news so good, you'll goddamn kiss me. Put it here. Put it here. What's the role you've been dying to play your whole life, besides Kathy Ireland's bathing suit?

BoJack: Ha-ha. She is attractive.

Marv: Good God, when I die, bury me in Kathy Ireland.

BoJack: Uh, Marv? Marv? What's the big news?

Marv: Secretariat! It's happening, and it's down to you and Val Kilmer for the title role.

BoJack: That's amazing. Thank you. Thank you.

Marv: Now, listen. I don't want to see you in any more tabloids. Keep your head down and your nose clean. Now, I gotta go. I got lunch with MC Skat Kat.

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: Scandal breaking today surrounding the family sitcom, Horsin' Around.

BoJack: Oh, God. What did I do this time?

Tom: Herb Kazzaz, the show's creator, was caught tonight in an LAPD sting on public indecency.

BoJack: Wha'?

Tom: Police say Mr.Kazzaz was caught in the middle of lewd acts with another man. Conservative groups have been quick to organize.

Man: Horsin' Around is a show for kids. My family should be able to watch those nubile preteens without men like perv Kazzaz flaunting their alternative lifestyles and ruining America.

BoJack: Sheei-i-it.

Herb: BoJack, I gotta tell ya'. I'm gay.

BoJack: No doy.

Herb: I know we haven't been—close for the past couple years.

BoJack: Okay, I'm gonna hold back my "No doys" because there might be a lot.

Herb: But you know me, right? You know that I'm a good guy. They're gunning for me at the network, and if I get kicked off this, I won't recover. I need to know that you've got my back. If you threaten to walk, they'll listen to you.

BoJack: Herb, you picked the worst possible time to

Herb: Hey, you know I wouldn't ask if I didn't need it. Come on, BoJack. How'd we get so far apart, huh?

BoJack: (sighs) You know what? You can count on me, Herb. I mean, I wouldn't even be here if it weren't for you.

Herb: I knew it! I knew you'd come through. And when this is all over, we're going to drive back up to Griffith Park. I still owe you that high five, right?

BoJack: Hey, this is a dumb question, but do you guys ever, like, all link up together and do, like, a party train or a fun circle? 'Cause I feel like I'd be doing that all the— Never mind. Stupid question. Feel stupid for asking that.

Guard: Go right ahead.

Herb: And then it goes, "I like healthy gums in a major way."

BoJack: See, that's what I'm talking about. That's great. We just gotta make sure that we work in the phrase "toothbrush rap" early, so they know I'm rapping.

Angela Diaz: BoJack, can we chat for a second?

Herb: Ugh. Here we go. It's the big one.

Angela Diaz: I'm not gonna waste your time with small talk because you work for me, and your time is my time. We're letting Herb go.

Angela Diaz: I'm not asking you. It's nothing personal. I like Herb. I think he's a good guy. But this is a business, and every day we don't fire him, we're flushing money down the crapper.

Angela Diaz: I wouldn't do that. BoJack, I think you're a star, and sometimes being a star means making tough choices. You can storm out, make a big show out of what a "good" friend you are, or you could be the guy who does his job.

BoJack: Angela—

Angela Diaz: I'll tell you when it's your turn to talk again. Look, you're a star, but this is really just the beginning of the BoJack Horseman story. You can choose whatever path you want, but I'll tell you right now. You don't win awards and you don't get to be on the covers of magazines and you don't get to play the lead role in the Secretariat movie by being a good friend. What's that old expression about how the show must go on? Oh, right. It's "Don't be an idiot."
So what do you think, BoJack? That's a courtesy question. I already know what you think because I have conversations like this one five times a day. I know who you are, and I know you've already made your decision. But if you want to surprise me, now's the time to do it. That's what I thought. You're doing the right thing. I know it's hard. But if Herb's really your friend, he'll understand. Now, you've got a show to put on, so I'll let you get ready. This was a good conversation. Productive. If you're lucky, I'll never talk to you again.

Announcer: You folks ready for a show? 'Cause I think a certain someone might show up any second.

BoJack: Wait a minute. This isn't the bar. I gotta fire my assistant.

Diane: So what ended up happening with Secretariat?

BoJack: Went into turnaround. I don't totally know what "turnaround" means, but they never made the movie.

Todd: Whoa. This house is way bigger than yours. Herb's done really well for a guy you dicked over. Oh, no. Ah!

BoJack: That's enough out of you. Stay out here and turn this car around in case we need to leave in a hurry.

Todd: Hooray! A task.

Herb: BoJack! Well. Jesus, you look shitty. Have you been eating your guilt this whole time?

BoJack: Yeah, you don't look so hot yourself, Herb.

Herb: I have cancer. And hello. Who's this stunning creature? And what string of bad decisions has placed you in BoJack's orbit?

BoJack: This is Diane. She's writing a book about me.

Diane: Pleasure to meet you.

Herb: Is your book called, "Portrait of an Asshole?" I kid'. It's funny because he ruined my life. I joke. It's what I do. Please, come in. You're letting out all the cancer. Ha ha ha ha ha ha!

Todd: Almost. Ah.. Almost there. Come on ah.

Herb: Oh, thanks. Thanks.

Herb: BoJack, how are your utensils?

BoJack: Uh, they're fine.

Herb: Are you sure? Because if that knife ain't sharp enough, I got another that you left in my back 20 years ago. (laughs)

BoJack: Could have seen that coming. Who asks about utensils?

Diane: I'm gonna go to the bathroom.

BoJack: Nope. No, you are not.

Todd: Uh. Oh. Ow. Almost.

Cammie: Drive, drive, drive!

Todd: Oh. Oh, no. I can't turn the car around. I've been trying to do this three-point turn forever. I mean, it's more like a 300-point turn. Am I right, huh?

Cammie: Hey, we've got two sacks of Kardashian swag and the fuzz on our heels. You think this is Driver's Ed, you hat-wearing pussy? Drive the goddamn car!

Diane: Hey, Herb, is that your Vitamix? BoJack has one, too. I wonder if you guys have.. strong opinions about it one way or the other.

Herb: Well, the stupid thing was like 600 bucks.

BoJack: I have used mine a grand total of zero times.

Herb: I got it a month before I was diagnosed with cancer. I don't give a shit about being healthy anymore.

BoJack: I don't even have cancer, and I don't use it.

Herb: So who's it for?

BoJack: Exactly. What is so great about liquids? Every article I read now is "juice this" and "juice that."

Herb: You know why? Juice controls the media.

BoJack: Hey-ooh.

Cammie: Can't this thing go any faster?

Todd: Uh, I'm going as fast as I can!

Kenzie: Do you want me to get out? Try to guide you?

Todd: No, I think I'm almost there.

Kenzie: You're doing a great job.

Cammie: Kenzie, stop talking to him.

Kenzie: Why? He's being nice.

Cammie: Remember the number one rule of the Celebrity Stealing Club: "No falling in love."

Kenzie: Ugh. That's your rule for every club.

Cammie: It's a good rule.

Todd: Whoa. Whoa, guys. I'm sensing a lot of hostility here. Maybe we should take our masks off and actually talk.

Cammie: You want me to take my mask off? Fine. Happy? I took my mask off.

Todd: Did you? Because I think you're still wearing a mask. 

Diane: Oh, my God, Herb, you met President Clinton?

Herb: Oh, yeah. Many times. Did you think that I spent the last 20 years on my couch just feeling sorry for myself? I mean, I did do that, but I also started (coughs) a charity to bring clean water to millions of children in Sub-Saharan Africa.

Diane: Oh, wow.

BoJack: I presented at the Teen Choice Awards. Wait, is that Charlotte?

Herb: Yeah, yeah. We kept in touch. You should actually give her a call. I'm sure she'd love to hear from you.

BoJack: She looks good for someone so old.

Herb: She's three years younger than you.

BoJack: Exactly!

Herb: Well, guys, I'm pretty beat. I think I need to head off to bed, and I hope I actually wake up later. (coughs) And it was actually nice to see you, BoJack. You can see yourselves out. (chuckling) "Juice controls the media." (chuckling) I love it.

Cammie: So I guess in a sense I'm running away from the cops, but I feel like in another, truer sense, I'm running away from myself.

Todd: Truth. Truth.

Cammie: Whoa.

Todd: Kenzie, do you have anything to share?

Kenzie: Just how amazing it feels to finally be honest for once. I could live a million lives, and I'd never forget this one afternoon.

Todd: Word. You know, I act all cool and sophisticated on the outside, but on the inside, I'm just Todd, you know? But thanks to you guys, I think I'm finally ready to let my guard down.

Cammie: Do you hear that?

Kenzie: He's letting his guard down. Let's get him!

Both Girls: Celebrity Stealing Club strikes again!

BoJack: This.. This just doesn't feel right. I should have brought a bottle of wine. That's what adults do. BoJack, damn it.

Diane: Is that what's bothering you, that you didn't bring wine?

BoJack: You're right. I just would have drunk it on the way here.

Diane: This isn't about wine, BoJack. If you have something you need to say to someone, you should do it while you have the chance because before you know it, it'll be too late.

BoJack: Is this one of those things where we're talking about Herb but we're actually talking about something else?

Diane: No, I was talking about Herb.

BoJack: Okay, good. Yeah, me, too.

BoJack: (cheerfully) Hey, buddy!

Herb: You come back for that Vitamix, you (coughs)

BoJack: Ooh, you should get that looked at.

Herb: Yeah. I've been meaning to see a doctor.

BoJack: Hey, I wanted to talk to you about.. you know. I feel bad about what happened.

Herb: So you're apologizing.

BoJack: Yes. I'm sorry.

Herb: Okay. I don't forgive you.

BoJack: Herb, I said I'm sorry.

Herb: Yeah, and I do not forgive you.

BoJack: Uh-- not sure you get what's happening here. This could be the last time that you--

Herb: No. I'm not gonna give you closure. You don't get that. (coughs) You have to live with the shitty thing you did for the rest of your life. You have to know that it's never, ever going to be okay.

BoJack: I really think that we'd both feel better if we just--

Herb: I'm dying. I'm not gonna feel better, and I'm not gonna be your prop so you can feel better.

BoJack: You have to believe me. I did everything I could.

Herb: Yeah? Then why didn't you call me? Huh? 20 years you didn't call me.

BoJack: Look, I—I wanted to, but I didn't think—

Herb: You know what it was like for me? I had nobody. Everybody left. I knew all those showbiz phonies would turn on me. Sure. But you?

BoJack: It's not my fault you got fired.

Herb: I don't care about the job! I did fine. I had a good life. But what I needed then was a friend, and you abandoned me. And I will never forgive you for that. Now, get the fuck out of my house.

BoJack: I (sighs) Hey, this is a dumb question, but the gay thing and the rectal cancer thing aren't related, are they?

Herb: Get out of here!!

BoJack: Never mind. Stupid question. Forget I brought it up. -- Huh.

Herb: Hey, BJ. Put that back, asshole!

BoJack: No, you gave this to me.

Herb: (growls)

BoJack: No!

    (both grunting) 

Diane: BoJack?! What are you doing?! Get off him!

Herb: The show was never the same after I left. Admit it!

BoJack: Some people prefer the later years.

Tina: (growling)

Diane: BoJack. Come on.

BoJack: (panting)

Diane: Thank you for inviting us. You have a lovely home.

Herb: You know what your problem is? You want to think of yourself as the good guy. Well, I know you better than anyone, and I can tell you—that you're not! In fact, you'd probably sleep a lot better at night if you just admitted to yourself that you're a selfish goddamn coward who takes whatever he wants and doesn't give a shit about who he hurts. That's you. That's BoJack Horseman.

BoJack: I don't know why I came here.

Herb: Yeah. You do.

    (engine revs, tires screech) 

Princess Carolyn: (on the phone) You said you wanted a job.

BoJack: It doesn't matter. Nothing matters.

Princess Carolyn: Wow. What happened in Malibu?

BoJack: I gotta go.

    (phone beeps) 

Diane: Hey, bright side. At least now you have a good story to tell—at his funeral.

BoJack: Ugh, God.

Diane: I'm not trying to kill the vibe here, but I've had to pee for, like, three hours.

BoJack: (sighs)

Diane: Look, I won't put what happened today in the book if you don't want me to.

BoJack: No, it's okay. Full truth like we agreed. Warts and all. It doesn't matter anyway. I don't even care what anybody thinks anymore.

Diane: Well, for what it's worth, I think it took a lot of guts to do what you did back there.

    (water lapping) 

(BoJack tries to kiss Diane)

BoJack: Mmm

(Diane pushing him away, shaking her head)

Diane: Mm! 

BoJack: (clears his throat)

Diane: So should we talk about how you just tried to kiss me?

BoJack: No, I don't think we need to talk about that.

Diane: Yeah, you're right. What's to talk about, right? We're f-friends, right?

BoJack: Oh, yeah, totally.

Diane: Yeah, friends. And I think it's important that we stay friends.

BoJack: Yeah, I agree.

Diane: And be friends with each other.

BoJack: Yeah, friends.

Diane: And also to each other.

BoJack: Plus, hey, you're getting married.

Diane: That's right. Next summer. Nantucket is great in the summer. Not like L.A., which is so hot and dry.

BoJack: It is arid.

Diane: Well see you later!

BoJack: We're still a few miles—

Diane: I'll walk. It's a beautiful night. Ah! Sorry, sorry!

BoJack: Shit. Todd, we gotta stop this wedding. Todd? Aw, crap. I left him in Malibu.

"BELLICAN'S", SUNDAY

Todd: But wait, doesn't Diane want to marry Mr. Peanutbutter?

BoJack: No, see, she thinks she does, but she actually doesn't. That's why we need to be good friends right now, and put our own feelings aside and sabotage our friend's engagement.

Todd: Oh— Wait? What?

Princess Carolyn: Oh. I got here as soon as I could. What's the emergency?

BoJack: We got to figure out a way to stop Diane's wedding.

Princess Carolyn: Hm. Okay. So when you woke me up in the middle of the night and told me to rush over here because of an "emergency," the emergency you were referring to was Diane getting married a year from now?

BoJack: Yeah, you got any ideas?

Princess Carolyn: I'm done. I'm not going to waste another thought on you. I am at a bar. It's the weekend. I'm gonna enjoy myself.

BoJack: Look, if you don't have any ideas, just say you don't have any ideas.

Princess Carolyn: Yoo-hoo! Buy me a drink.

Vincent Adult Man: Uh, okay.

Princess Carolyn: What's your name, stud?

Vincent: Vincent. Adult man. Vincent Adultman.

Princess Carolyn: Ya' hear that, BoJack? Vincent is an adult, and I'll bet he knows how to treat a lady.

BoJack: He very clearly isn't and doesn't.

Vincent: Would you like alcohol?

Princess Carolyn: I certainly would, you sophisticated smooth talker. Mmm! Tell me all about you.

Vincent: Mm.. I like business—transactions.

BoJack: Are you seriously trying to make me jealous by flirting with what is very obviously just three kids stacked on top of each other under a trench coat?

Princess Carolyn: Vinnie, what does a guy like you do for fun?

BoJack: I don't have time for these shenanigans. I got a wedding to shanghai. Good luck with your business transactions.

Vincent: Thanks.

Todd: Ugh!

MONDAY

Mr. Peanutbutter: Officer. The mail truck pulled up right next to me. I got a bad vibe. What was I supposed to do? Not chase the mail truck?

Fuzzyface: Mr. Peanutbutter, I'm a big fan, so I'm gonna let you off with a warning this time.

    "Dangerous—Come on—Dangerous" 

Mr. Peanutbutter: Aah!

Fuzzyface: Mr. Peanutbutter!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, honeysuckle. Great news. I got to ride in a police car. Bad news I lost my driver's license.

Diane: Let me guess. Were you chasing the mailman again?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yeah, why? Did you see him out there too? Nothing stops them. Not rain, not sleet, not dead of night, not gates! Anyway, I need a little favor. Can you drive me everywhere I need to go for the next three months?

Diane: I really can't, sweetheart. I'm super busy.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, you're working on our wedding registry.

Diane: I'm writing my book.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Right. But don't forget about the registry.

Diane: Mr. Peanutbutter, you know I love you. And you know I am really excited about getting married, but right now I'm working, and I have a lot of thoughts in my head, and I can't really think about our wedding or the future or me being married to you.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay. What's going on? Talk to me like I'm Michelle Pfeiffer in the Coolio video. Just Well, um with the leg-- Hmm, all right. And Coolio.

Diane: Nothing's going on. It's just that this wedding is kind of starting to feel like a lot.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Honey, relax. Getting married is easy. I mean, I've already done it twice.

Diane: It's fine. I'm sorry. I just need to focus on the book right now.

Mr. Peanutbutter: So that's still "a no" on driving me around?

Diane: Why don't you hire a driver?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Eh-eh-eh-deh Is there a light bulb above my head? Because while you were talking, I just got an amazing idea. I should hire a driver! Oh, this will be a romp. If I know me, this will be a romp.

Todd: I'm not sure how I feel about breaking and entering, BoJack.

BoJack: Well, that's the beauty part. The B&E is really the least illegal piece of this 12-point master plan. Have you got your tool kit?

Todd: Check.

BoJack: Burner phone?

Todd: Check.

BoJack: Cyanide capsule?

Todd: Check. Wait, why do we need—

BoJack: Okay, let's get started. Step one: Enter the study. Step Two: Plant incriminating—

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hello? Todd?

Todd: Uh—Hi, Mr.Peanutbutter.

BoJack: Take the cyanide, Todd. Take the cyanide! And hup. Hup. And hup No.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Are you here to interview to be my driver?

Todd: Um—yes, I am.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Brilliant. I didn't even post the ad yet. Here's me thinking destiny over here.

BoJack: And hup. Yeah! Hu-aah!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Thank you for your interest in the role of driver. I know you don't have your resume with you, so I've taken the liberty of letting you use mine.

Todd: Yeah, thanks. Here, business boss.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Let's just have a look here. Mm-hmm. Oh, ho, with a resume like this, you should be the one hiring a driver. Just kidding. I know it's my resume. But I see you went to Northwestern. You know, I'm an N.U. man myself.

Todd: Go, fighting Westerns.

Mr. Peanutbutter: And it says here you do a great Rodney Dangerfield impression. Give us a taste.

Todd: Uh, okay. "I'm Roger Dangerfield."

Mr. Peanutbutter: Huh! No respect, indeed. Todd, you got the job.

Todd: Oh. Can you believe this weather we're having?

Mr. Peanutbutter: No, I cannot believe this weather we're having! Oh, wow. We make a great pair. It's like I'm Miss Daisy, and you're Minnie Driver.

BoJack: Hey, I'm bored. And I think Todd swallowed a cyanide pill and might be dead. Wanna come over and bang it out?

Princess Carolyn: Appealing as that sounds, I have lunch plans with Vincent. I know that might be hard for you to hear.

BoJack: Wait, that guy from the bar who is actually three boys stacked on top of each other under a trench coat?

Princess Carolyn: Well, don't fly into a jealous rage about it.

BoJack: Not jealous. Just reminding you that you are trying to have a relationship with someone who is and again, it's bizarre I should have to point this out — three young boys stacked on top of each other under a trench coat.

Princess Carolyn: He listens to me.

BoJack: Okay, okay, but can you just acknowledge that -

Princess Carolyn: That you are being jealous? Oh, oh! Already acknowledged. Toodles.

BoJack: Look who's not dead.

Todd: Better than not dead. You are looking at Mr.Peanutbutter's new driver.

BoJack: You're his driver? That's perfect. Now you can infiltrate Mr.Peanutbutter's inner circle.

Todd: I don't know, BoJack.

BoJack: Sure, you'll act all friendly, gain his trust, chauffer him around on his little errands to the groomer and whatnot, but all the while, you'll be studying him, scouring out his weaknesses, biding your time till we're ready to strike. And once you zero in on his Achilles' heel, we will take, him, down.

Todd: Hooray. Betrayal.

Todd: Oh, man. Oh, man. Keep it cool, Todd.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, pal. If you're making small talk up there, how about sending a little my way?

Todd: Um can you believe this weather we're having?

Mr. Peanutbutter: No, I cannot believe this weather we're having!

    TUESDAY 

BoJack: Hey, weren't you supposed to be here like a half hour ago?

Diane: Yeah, I've just been sitting in my car. Listen, I was looking over my notes, and I think I have enough to go write the book, so I'm just going to do that?

BoJack: You don't want to interview me anymore? But don't you want to know what my Rosebud is?

Diane: You told me repeatedly it was the nudie magazine your uncle showed you with the three-nippled woman.

BoJack: Who was she?

Diane: I got it all.

BoJack: Oh, okay. Well, I'll see you around though, right?

Diane: Yeah. I, um.. Why did you have to make things weird, BoJack?

BoJack: I made things weird?

Mr. Peanutbutter: So if you see anything you know we need, like this biscuit warmer, you just run the laser over the barcode, and kablamsky! It goes in the registry.

Diane: And that way, everybody knows what I want. And I know what I want.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh

Diane: Which is what everyone wants. And it's really clear, and nobody's confused about anything.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Am I crazy, or are you not into this?

Diane: No, I am. It's just.. The big wedding in Nantucket, all these presents I'm so overwhelmed, I can barely consider whether I want or need a biscuit warmer, which I think is how people end up with biscuit warmers.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey. Hey, hey, hey. Close your eyes. Come on. Okay, picture our lives together. It's a cold Sunday morning a bunch of years from now. Maybe robots have taken over, maybe they haven't. I don't know. It's the future. This story isn't about that. The important thing is it's Sunday morning. I brought you the paper, fetched your slippers. You come into the kitchen—Can you smell biscuits?

Diane: Yes.

Mr. Peanutbutter: So can I. Are they warm?

Diane: Yeah.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, that's all a biscuit warmer's for. Look, if marriage stresses you out, we don't have to get married.

Diane: It's not the marriage. It's the wedding and the year of build-up.

Mr. Peanutbutter: So forget all that. I've done the whole big wedding thing. I don't need to do it again. Let's do something small and casual right here in town next month.

Diane: Honestly, that would be amazing. But we'd have to cancel the doves, and we wouldn't be able to send out those fancy invitations you liked.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Those doves were being jerks anyway. And invitations? They're just a scam made up by the Post Office to keep tabs on us. Post Office.

Diane: Settle down, boy.

Todd: And then we talked about his favorite Smash Mouth CDs. And— Oh, oh. And then that led to the whole conversations about sticks. Oh, and let me tell you, Mr.Peanutbutter has got some serious opinions about sticks.

BoJack: Why are you telling me this?

Todd: What? You said you wanted every detail. Did I mention he got a new bandana?

BoJack: Give me something I can use to make them call off their wedding.

Todd: Oh, yeah. Did I not tell you? They called off their wedding.

BoJack: What? Thank God! Oh, the universe makes sense.

Todd: They decided against a big destination wedding, so they're doing it here sometime next month.

BoJack: What?

Todd: I guess saying they called it off is probably not right.
Todd: Hey, what's this? 

BoJack: Oh, yes, I got jury duty, but I can't worry about that right now. That is a problem for Friday BoJack. Now think, Todd. Gotta have something I can use sloshing around in that pot-infused Jell-O shot you call a brain.

Todd: Let's see. Mr.Peanutbutter likes having his tummy scratched, and Diane's family is from Vietnam, which is where Vietnamese food comes from, and since that goes in your tummy..

BoJack: Okay, stop thinking. Just give me raw data. What's happening this week?

Todd: Well, the circus is in town. Congress is going to vote on the new Education Bill..

BoJack: With Mr.Peanutbutter! What's happening with Mr.Peanutbutter?!

Todd: Well, I'm taking Diane and him to the bank on Thursday.

BoJack: I can use that. I can actually use that.

Margo Martindale: I don't know if I'm up for staging a bank robbery, BoJack.

BoJack: Oh, come on, character actress Margo Martindale. They say that there are no good parts for women over 50. I want to stick an AK-47 in your hand and prove them wrong.

Margo: I do tire of the limitations of stage, film, and television.

BoJack: You might as well perform in a cage, am I right? This is guerilla theater: no stage, no script, no net.

Margo: It's the kind of work we talked about doing that night in the desert.

BoJack: Don't tell me we left those dreams in the sweat lodge.

Margo: Hell, I'll do it.

Mr. Peanutbutter: And that little boy never found his mother.

BoJack: Hey, guys.

Mr. Peanutbutter: BoJack Horseman?

Diane: Oh. Hi.

BoJack: What a weird coincidence. I did not know you would be here today.

Diane: How are things?

BoJack: Things are good. You? Things good with you?

Margo: Hands behind your head, everybody. Nobody moves, nobody gets shot.

BoJack: What an unfortunate surprise.

Margo: Well, well, isn't that a pretty ring?

BoJack: This one.

Margo: Well, well, isn't that a pretty ring? I'll take it.

Diane: But it's my engagement ring.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Give it to her, Diane. It's just a ring.

Margo: Just a ring? That ring is a symbol of your love. If you don't care about the ring, it really makes me wonder if you care about the woman wearing it.

BoJack: That terrifying bank robber is making some very cogent points.

Diane: No, Mr. Peanutbutter's right. If the ring is just a symbol for love, why would I need a symbol when I have the real thing right here?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yeah, we don't need rings, we have each other.

Diane: Hey, why are we even waiting a month to get married? If anything, this bank robbery is reminding me that life is short. We should get married even sooner!

BoJack: No..

Mr. Peanutbutter: What do you mean sooner?

Diane: Why not this weekend? We could get married Saturday. Am I crazy?

BoJack: Yes. Don't do it.

Margo: Oh, keep the damn thing.

ALL: Aw.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay. Saturday it is.

BoJack: What the hell just happened?

Margo: Something truly beauti.. Aah!

Diane: Oh.

Margo: Get your hands off me! No! Not—

    "BELLICAN'S" 

Mr. Peanutbutter: — Uh-oh. Long story short, Erica did have to lose the foot, but she gained a friend. Sorry, kind of went off on a tangent there. Diane and I wanna thank you all for coming to our impromptu rehearsal dinner, even though we did not actually have time to organize a rehearsal.

Diane: Or a dinner.

Mr. Peanutbutter: But there is an open bar which you are all welcome to partake in as soon as I finish this toast, which I will be doing ri-i-i-ight after one more quick anecdote.

ALL: Oh—

Mr. Peanutbutter: It was winter in Prague, and the consumption hung low in the air—

BoJack: Well, the bank thing was a dud. Thanks a lot, Todd.

Todd: Well, you win some, you lose some. It's like Vincent always says: "Oopsy."

BoJack: Vincent?

Todd: Yeah, Princess Carolyn's boyfriend. We've hung out a couple of times.

BoJack: What are you ta

Todd: That dude is funny.

BoJack: You know he's not a person, right?

Todd: Look, I don't want to get in the middle of your whole thing with Princess Carolyn.

BoJack: It's not about that. I just don't understand why nobody else seems to notice that she is dating a man who is clearly three little boys doing the thing from The Little Rascals.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, that reminds me of another funny story.

BoJack: If I could say a few words?

Mr. Peanutbutter: BoJack Horseman. Take the mic. Spin us a yarn.

BoJack: Mr.Peanutbutter, Diane. Since I am friends with both of you and have no ulterior motives—

Mr. Peanutbutter: Mm-hmm.

BoJack: I would like to offer my restaurant as a venue for your wedding.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Wow! Really?

Diane: I don't know. That's too generous.

BoJack: Hey, don't look a horse's gift in the mouth, right?

Mr. Peanutbutter: I get it. Like the song.

Diane: That's not a song.

Mr. Peanutbutter: All right, everyone. That's it for the toasts. Enjoy yourselves and each other.

BoJack: This is perfect. Now that the wedding's at my restaurant, we have the home field advantage. Perfect for sabotage.

Princess Carolyn: BoJack, I need to thank you. (hugs him) You calling me to the bar the other night turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to me. I think I'm in love.

BoJack: Okay. This "person" you're in love with—Have you seen him without his trench coat on?

Princess Carolyn: I don't understand why you can't be happy for me. He's a good boyfriend.

Todd: I actually think you and Vincent would really hit it off if you gave him a chance. You should spend some one-on-one time with him.

BoJack: You mean one-on-three time? Because there are three of him.

Princess Carolyn: We get it. You don't like him.

BoJack: I'm actually not sure you do get it.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I know what's been going on.

Todd: Ah! I wasn't gonna pee. I was just taking my penis out.

Mr. Peanutbutter: You've been driving me around, but there was something else happening the whole time. I see it now.

Todd: What are you talking about?

Mr. Peanutbutter: You weren't just working as my driver, Todd. You were becoming my friend.

Todd: Oh, yeah. That was happening.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, I could use a friend right about now. There's something I really gotta get off my chest, and if it got out, it could destroy the whole wedding.

Todd: No, I'm not great with sensitive information.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I don't know if I'm ready to get married again. Don't get me wrong. I love Diane so much. I didn't have any doubts until I realized she had doubts. Then I figured she's smarter than I am. Maybe she knows things I don't.

Todd: You are kind of unloading a lot of sensitive information here.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Sure, I think I'm ready to commit to Diane, but I can't even commit to my favorite type of stick. Yes, today, it's short and knobby, but tomorrow?

Todd: Well, sure, Diane is short, but I don't know about knobby.

Mr. Peanutbutter: The last thing I want to do is hurt Diane, but I keep having this dream where she's gone. There's no break-up, no tragedy. She's just gone, and my life continues without her. And it terrifies me to say this, but in the dream I feel.. relief. Hey, thanks for listening to all this. You're a really good friend, Todd.
 

BoJack: Since you weren't able to give me any useful intel, I had to offer up my restaurant, but now, we're on my turf. Time for operation "I don't."

Todd: Yeah, sounds good.

BoJack: You know, with my knack for coming up with plans and your ability to hear them without contributing more than three words at a time, we make a pretty good team, don't we, Todd?

Todd: You said it.

BoJack: See?

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: Beloved character actress Margo Martindale is in police custody tonight for her role in a failed bank robbery.

Todd: Margo Martindale?

Tom: But first, pizza for breakfast? The answer might surprise you.

Todd: I know her, but how? Wait. She was at the convenience store the night I bought that video game and ruined my rock opera. She's the one who asked me to hand her that tape from the 10 cent bin.
That means Margo Martindale likes tapes! And a tape is something you listen to, but tape is also a sticky thing you can use to seal boxes. Boxes is what cereal comes in. What does it all mean? Am I just grasping at straws? Wait. Straws.. That's it. Straws are used to drink soda or water, and plants need water. And BoJack used Margo Martindale as a plant at the bank and the convenience store, which means.. Ugh! BoJack hired Margo Martindale to make me find that video game so he could kill my rock opera! Aw, dude.

BoJack: Rise and shine, Todd.

Todd: I didn't sleep.

BoJack: Well, we're down to the wire, but we still got one more day to figure out how to stop this wedding, and I can't afford to waste one second, so let's get.. Oh, shit. Forgot about jury duty. Damn you, Tuesday BoJack.

Advocate: And so, you saw the defendant.

Witness: Yes.

Advocate: That man, the defendant.. You saw him?

BoJack: Come on, come on, come on. Hurry up.

Witness: That's correct.

Advocate: The defendant was seen by you.

BoJack: Sweet Jesus. Some of us have weddings to ruin.

Witness: Yes.

Advocate: No further questions, Your Honor. I'm sorry. I misspoke. A lot of further questions.

BoJack: Ugh

Judge: The jury finds the defendant not guilty on all charges.

Man: We did the right thing today, BoJack. But you know who the real winner is?

Man: Justice. 
BoJack: Mr.Peanutbutter.

Margo: BoJack.

BoJack: There's my superstar. How are you?

Margo: Amazing! This has been the role of a lifetime. I think they're gonna send me up to Lompoc, and when I get there, I'm gonna find the meanest, hardest queen bitch of the yard, and I'm going to bite her finger off. (laughs) That'll show everyone I'm crazy, and you don't mess with crazy. Plus, free finger. Oh, here I am blabbering on about my plans. Did you ever stop that wedding?

BoJack: It's actually happening right now. I ran out of time.

Margo: I never understood why it was so important to keep those two apart.

BoJack: I was just trying to be a good friend in my own shitty, ass-backwards way. Diane deserves the best. She's smart and kind and beautiful, and it's gonna be mostly synonyms from here on if I keep going, and.. I'm in love with her.

Margo: Tell her that, BoJack. You don't need kooky schemes or nutty capers. Just go to her and speak from your heart. Then find the biggest person at the wedding and bite his finger off!

BoJack: You're right, partly. I've gotta tell her how I feel. Okay, I'm gonna do it. Good luck with your finger thing.

BoJack: Todd, thank God you're here! Did I miss it? Is it too late?

Todd: Dude. I'm done with this. No. No. Mr.Peanutbutter's been nice to me.

BoJack: Mr.Peanutbutter is nice to everybody. That's what makes him so stupid.

Todd: No, I'm stupid. But even I know that the only reason you're doing this is because you're in love with Diane.

BoJack: Yes, that's right. And I'm here to finally tell her how I feel.

Todd: BoJack, she knows how you feel.

BoJack: How? I barely just realized ..

Todd: Hey, man, she made her choice. Look around. This day is not about you, okay? So maybe you should just stop trying to mess with other people's lives.

Diane: I never thought I wanted to get married. It's so weird, this idea of dedicating yourself to something for the rest of your life. Like, how could you know, right? But then I realized it's okay to not know everything. And some things take a leap of faith. Mr.Peanutbutter, I want to take that leap with you.

Roxy: By the power vested in me by one of those dumb websites, I now pronounce you married. Go ahead. Kiss, you lovesick dummies.

    "Mmm-yeah I used to think maybe— " 

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, Todd. Todd. Thanks for hearing me out the other night. I'm really glad I went through with this. This is the happiest day of my life.

Todd: Always happy to be of service.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, and, um, I got you something.

Todd: Todd Chavez? Hey. That name's my name. What's "PB Livin'"?

Mr. Peanutbutter: My film production company. Read your title.

Todd: "Executive Vice President of West Coast Operations." Whoa! Does that mean I control the waves?

Mr. Peanutbutter: No, it means you're my assistant. You've got a big future ahead of you, and I don't want you to waste any time looking back. So I got all my cars' mirrors taken off.

Todd: Isn't that kind of dangerous?

Mr. Peanutbutter: What do I care? I'm not driving.

Diane: Hey, BoJack. Thanks for coming. I wasn't sure you were gonna make it.

BoJack: Wouldn't have missed it for the world.

Diane: You're a good friend. I'm really glad to know you. Mwah.

BoJack: Sorry that I.. If I made things weird.

Diane: They weren't that weird.

BoJack: Oh.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Diane, honey?

Diane: Oh, I gotta go dance with my husband. Duh! I'm married!

Vincent: Hi.

BoJack: So you're the quote-unquote person, singular, that everyone's so crazy about. What have you got figured out that I don't?

Vincent: Um, adult stuff.

BoJack: Yeah, I'm not seeing it. But that doesn't matter. Not everything's about me. And maybe I am a little jealous. Not because I actually want to date Princess Carolyn anymore, but just because I don't like the idea that I can't. I guess I just assumed I always could. But I made a lot of bad decisions. Not just with her. With.. with everyone, really. You know, Princess Carolyn was right. You are a good listener.

Vincent: Thanks.

BoJack: You know, sometimes I feel like I was born with a leak, and any goodness I started with just slowly spilled out of me, and now it's all gone. And I'll never get it back in me. It's too late. Life is a series of closing doors, isn't it?

Vincent: Don't be sad. Good horsey.

BoJack: That actually feels kind of nice. 

BoJack: "We're very different, but I think that we bring out the best in each other. It's like you're chocolate and I'm Mr. Peanutbutter."

Naomi Watts: "Shut up and kiss me, you silly goof."

Quentin Tarantulino: Cut!

A Ryan Seacrest Type: Welcome back to Excess Hollywoo. I'm A Ryan Seacrest Type, and I'm visiting the set of Mr. Peanutbutter's Hollywoo Heist. I'm thrilled to be talking to the star of the film, BoJack Horseman, and his real life inspiration, Mr.Peanutbutter.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Am I an inspiration? Well, that depends on how you define—Wait a minute. Yes, I am.

BoJack: Ugh.

Mr. Peanutbutter: You know, I'm just over the moon to be producing this movie about my daring exploit.

BoJack: Yes, Your daring exploit.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yes. It's such a treat to be shooting in my very own casa. And it's an even sweeter treat to be played by my good amigo—dare I say best amigo?

BoJack: You "daren't."

Mr. Peanutbutter: We're so in tune. We even finish each other's—sentences. Sometimes it doesn't happen.

BoJack: It never—

Mr. Peanutbutter: Happens. Ah, see? I'm inside him.

A Ryan: BoJack, you haven't worked in quite some time. In fact, I thought you were dead. You must be so grateful to be working again and also alive, which, again, I thought you were not. How did you get involved with this?

BoJack: Well..

    FLASHBACK ONE 

BoJack: You want me to play Mr. Peanutbutter in the story he stole from me? I stole the D, and then he stole my stealing of it. That makes him an idea thief, which is much less cool than a thief thief, which is what I am and what he also is.

Princess Carolyn: You know what might help? If you think about this like a professional instead of a big titty baby. This movie is a huge opportunity. Quentin Tarantulino is known for revitalizing dead careers. This could do for you what Reservoir Dogs did for Rin Tin Tin.

BoJack: But isn't there any other part? I could play myself.

Princess Carolyn: No, BoJack's already being played by Wallace Shawn.

BoJack: What? The short guy from The Princess Bride who says "inconceivable?" Why Wallace Shawn?

    FLASHBACK TWO 

Wallace Shawn: BoJack Horseman? I don't want to play that boob.

Princess Carolyn: I'm trying to help you out, Wally. You're the one who keeps buying expensive Rothkos.

Wallace: I have a disease. Would you tell an alcoholic to stop buying alcohol?

Princess Carolyn: You know, Black and Blue Number 7's going up for auction next week.

Wallace: Fine. I'll do the dumb movie.

    FLASHBACK ONE 

BoJack: Fine. I'll do the dumb movie. But if you find me in a bathtub with open wrists tomorrow and the words "I hate my agent" smeared across the walls in blood, you'll know why.

    EXCESS HOLLYWOO 

BoJack: So obviously I'm thrilled to be here, just thrilled.

Woman: Cast and crew only.

Diane: I know you're just doing your job, but I live here, and the crew has been here since 3:00 a.m., so I'm a little tired.

Woman: Cast and crew only.

BoJack: Hey, stranger. Haven't really seen you since the wedding. Kind of feels like we're coming back to school after summer vacation.

Diane: Yeah. I'll see you at the pep rally.

BoJack: Hope we don't get Mrs. Kirkman for trig this year.

Diane: Yeah, well, I hope the cheerleaders don't stuff me in a locker and write "virgin slut" on my forehead, and then when I ask how I could be both a virgin and a slut, they make me eat a lipstick.

BoJack: Uh..

Diane: So what have you been up to these last couple months?

BoJack: Well, I've been pretty busy. Met a girl at Soho House.

Diane: Was she your waitress?

BoJack: Yes. Then I met a girl at Mastro's.

Diane: Was she also your waitress?

BoJack: Yes. Then I met a girl at P.F.Chang's.

Diane: Let me guess. She was your..

BoJack: A hooker, yes, but what she really wants to do is wait tables.

Diane: Well, I, for one, would love to meet the aspiring food-service worker who finally gets you to settle down.

BoJack: What? Why would I want to settle down? I'm 50. .. Yeah, anyway..

Diane: So I'm sending the first draft of the book to Pinky this afternoon.

BoJack: What? It's done?

Diane: Not yet. Almost. I'm excited for you to read it, but I'm also cripplingly nervous. I actually kind of feel like throwing up, but I can't throw up because I haven't had anything to eat because this lady won't let me in my own kitchen.

Woman: Cast and crew only.

BoJack: Listen, if reading a book you wrote is anywhere near as great as it is to actually spend time with you, I'm sure it's gonna be wonderful. Having said that, what do I know about books? I'm just a dumb actor.

A Ryan Seacrest Type: I'm here with Hollywoo darling Naomi Watts. Tell me, what attracted you to the role of Diane?

Naomi Watts: I just keep getting pigeonholed as these complex characters in highly acclaimed movies. For once, I would just love to phone it in and play a two-dimensional girl in a Rom-Com with no inner life of her own. That's kind of the reason I got into this business.

A Ryan: Ha ha! You said words. Now, is it true you stay in character between takes?

Naomi: Oh, we all do. The director insists upon it. He even has everyone calling me Diane to help me get in the head-space. It's been great.

Quentin Tarantulino: Diane, looking good.

Diane: Um, thanks.

Quentin: Ugh, not you. I was talking to Diane.

Naomi Watts: Oh, thank you. Now, where's my peanut butter?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Right over here, Q.

Quentin: No, I'm looking for peanut butter.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, you mean BoJack?

Quentin: If I wanted BoJack, I would call BoJack.

Wallace Shawn: Did someone call for BoJack?

Naomi Watts: It really cuts down on confusion.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Ah, show business, the great equalizer.

Todd: Is that what it is?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Todd, spritz me.

Todd: Spritzing.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Mm, mm, mm. Well spritzed. Have you ever been on a movie set before?

Todd: No, sir, Mr. Peanutbutter.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Please, Mr. Peanutbutter was my father's name.

Todd: Uh

Mr. Peanutbutter: And it's also my name! Ooh, speaking of Mr.Peanutbutter, I'll be back in a jiff, skippy. Keep that air spritzed for me. (to BoJack) Aloha, Kemo Sabe. Hey, allow me to put on my producer hat and produce you just for one second here. I have a few notes on how you're playing me. Let's see. Problems, problems, problems, ah, here we go. I find it really troubling that my movie self is wearing a crew neck T-shirt. I only wear V-necks. You see the problem.

BoJack: I do not.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I just think if we're telling the story, we should tell it how it really happened.

BoJack: Yeah, this whole story isn't how it really happened.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Right.. because of the shirts.

BoJack: Because I'm the one who stole the D. I'm the real hero here. My life is full of exciting adventures. I should write a book. Oh, wait. I did. Suck on that, society.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, you're in a mood. Perhaps the tightness of that crew neck is cutting off circulation to the brain? Let me talk to Donna in wardrobe. We're gonna fix this, buddy. Donna!

Diane: What are you doing?

Naomi Watts: I'm just trying to get inside my character, which is you. Is this how we move our arms? We're so weird.

Diane: Is this really necessary?

Naomi: "Is this really necessary?"

Diane: That's not what I sound like.

Naomi: "That's not mut mi sound mike." Hey, what's it been like since we got married? Is it everything we dreamed of since we were little?

Diane: When I was little, I dreamed of getting a MacArthur grant for my 'zine about how all the girls at school were bitches.

Naomi: Oh.

Diane: Look, the wedding was great. But that's not real life. I mean, I guess I got a happy ending, but every happy ending has the day after the happy ending, right? And the day after that. So the wedding was so much fun. It was the happiest day of my life. But, you know, what does that say about all the days I have left?

Naomi: Whoa. We're such a Zoë.

BoJack: Oh, Todd, glad you're here. Hold this. Todd, my jacket is on the floor. You're supposed to hold the jacket so it doesn't go on the floor.

Todd: Hey, sorry, BoJack I mean, uh, Mr. Peanutbutter. But I work for Mr. Peanutbutter now. I mean, uh, Mr. Peanutbutter.

BoJack: Ugh.

Todd: I can't believe I'm on a movie set, you know? I mean, this is my first chance to work on something big since my rock opera fell apart. Man, I really messed up that huge career opportunity all on my own, didn't I?

BoJack: Uh—

Todd: Nothing sabotaged me one bit.

BoJack: Yep. You said it.

Todd: Well, see you later.

Lenny Turteltaub: Where can I grab a nosh?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, craft services is in the kitchen. Up the driveway, through the living room, make a left. Can't miss it.

Lenny: I'm gonna grab a quick bite. Don't do anything stupid while I'm gone.

Quentin: Okay, fellas, here's the thing about the story. I, don't, buy it. It's like something's missing, but I can't put any of my fingers on it.

Woman: Um, maybe once we add the music—

Quentin: The music? Are you kidding me? Music? You're fired. What dumb shit brought this dumb shit? Okay, you're fired too. Oh, okay. Anyone else got any bright ideas?

Todd: Oh, oh, oh, oh! Hey, maybe it make it more—Diane-y?

Quentin: Um, excuse me?

Todd: I don't know. This is probably stupid, but the whole story's about how this guy's in love with this lady, right? But we don't even know who she is or what she wants. I mean, maybe give her more lines or words or, I don't know, feelings or whatever?

Quentin: What?!

Mr. Peanutbutter: He's new. He doesn't know the rules. Forgive him, mighty Caesar.

Quentin: Yes. Yeah. I love you. Who is this kid? You're a genius. I'm gonna kiss your face.

Todd: What? Oh!

Quentin: Come back to my web. Let's talk about Diane's feelings and make this baby sing.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, Todd, talk to him about the wardrobe, specifically the top half of the wardrobe, specifically the shirt part of the top half of the wardrobe, specifically the neck part of the shirt part of the wardrobe.

Princess Carolyn: Ugh. What now?

BoJack: I'm sick of this dog and pony show. The movie is dumb. Mr.Peanutbutter is annoying the shit out of me, and there's too much honeydew in the fruit bowl.

Princess Carolyn: Blech. Honeydew is garbage fruit.

BoJack: Also, why is BoJack being played by an old, nebbishy five-foot-tall bald guy? Is that how the world sees me?

Wallace Shawn: Oh, I see. So I can play Vanya on 42nd Street, but I'm not a deft-enough talent to capture the essence of the elusive BoJack Horseman. So sorry to offend you, sir.

BoJack: I'm just glad my book's coming out soon so people will get an opportunity to see the real BoJack Horseman.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, are you coming out with a book? You never mentioned it.

BoJack: Plus, Todd's being super weird. I think he's onto me.

Princess Carolyn: Onto you in regards to what?

BoJack: Oh, right, I didn't tell you. I sabotaged his rock opera by getting him readdicted to a video game because I didn't want him to move out.

Princess Carolyn: Jesus Christ, BoJack.

BoJack: Anyway, I think he knows and might be plotting to sabotage me back.

Princess Carolyn: Why is it that 90% of our conversations these days revolve around plotting sabotages?

BoJack: Are you saying I should plot a counter-sabotage?

Princess Carolyn: No, no more plotting. Just be a good soldier and do your job. Nobody is out to get you.

Naomi Watts: Have you seen the new draft? They took it all off you and put it on me.

BoJack: What?

Naomi: Apparently some dickweed named Todd decided I should be three-dimensional and you should have no lines. Ugh. Isn't this town sick of creating three-dimensional roles for women? This happens to me all the time! A.O. Scott is sick of talking about how brilliant I am.

BoJack: Todd.

Naomi Watts: "I guess what I've been saying for the last seven uninterrupted minutes is, how can I forgive my father if I can't forgive myself?"

BoJack: "True dat."

Naomi: "But none of that matters, because we bring out the best in each other. I'm the chocolate, and you're Mr.Peanutbutter!"

BoJack: "True dat."

Naomi: "Mwah!"

Quentin: Cut! Amazing. This is the movie that I wanted to make. This is gonna be great. Oh, my God, I'm so..

Lenny: Ugh, what kind of idiot puts food on top of a hill?

Naomi Watts: Hey, so I guess now that the movie's all about Diane, I really need to dig deep and get to know the real you. So let's talk and talk and talk until I am you and you are nothing but a hollowed-out husk of your former self and every thought and every feeling you ever had belongs to me and me alone. So do we like Sprite, or are we more of a 7-Up girl?

Diane: Uh, that all sounds great. But, you know, the person you should really be talking to is that guy.

BoJack: Yeah, okay, I'm done.

Diane: Diane loves talking to him. They have a great rapport. In fact, Diane could spend all day talking to him and never talk to me again.

Naomi: Oh, I get it, because Diane doesn't talk to Diane. Diane talks to -

Diane: Anybody else.

BoJack: Hey, Todd, remember that time when you wouldn't clean up your shit? That was hilarious. We've had some good times.

Todd: Oh. Hi.

BoJack: So I was thinking, I have some—pretty sloppy seconds left over from P.F.Chang's in the fridge, and I don't think that I want it anymore. Maybe tonight you could eat it. Friendly gesture because we're friends.

Todd: Uh—

Quentin: Oh-oh, there's my guy. I heard you had a few more thoughts about the script.

Todd: I do. I was just thinking, what if we made the BoJack character into a real shithead?

Quentin: Is that really necessary?

BoJack: I don't think it's necessary.

Todd: Yeah, let's... Let's make him be a real selfish asshole so the audience has someone to root against.

Quentin: You're probably right. Let's take another swing at the script and give BoJack more to do.

BoJack: Now, when you say, "Give BoJack more to do" —Not now, Mr. Peanutbutter.

Todd: And also, now that I'm thinking about it, why does the movie have to take place on Earth?

Quentin: You are blowing my head. I hope you like Oscars.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Honeydew? More like, "Honey, do I enjoy eating it? Yes, I do." Right?

BoJack: Not right, and I would love to go through all the reasons why, but I've got bigger concerns right now.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Honeydew, go on.

BoJack: Did you notice that the Mr.Peanutbutter part has been cut in half? What is happening to our movie?

Mr. Peanutbutter: I thought you hated the movie.

BoJack: Yeah, I do, but if I'm gonna be in a dumb movie I hate that makes no sense, I should at least be the star of it.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Look, I agree that this movie has really lost its way. I mean, first of all, why would Mr. Peanutbutter wear a crew neck T-shirt? And second of all, uh.....

BoJack: It's just the shirt, isn't it?

Mr. Peanutbutter: It doesn't make sense. I'm a V-neck man. A V you can put your sunglasses in. Can you do that with a crew neck? Because I'd like to see you tr..

Lenny: Whoa. Bagel.

Naomi Watts: Thanks so much for running this scene with me. I have so many lines to learn.

BoJack: Yeah, well, most of my lines are, "True dat," but I guess it never hurts to practice.

Naomi: "The citizens of Planet D want their king back. But I'm more concerned with getting my self-esteem back after being in the shadow of powerful men for so long."

BoJack: "True dat."

Naomi: Is it just me, or is this movie kind of flying off the rails?

BoJack: Well, I don't want to overuse my catchphrase here, but true dat.

Naomi: "This is so typical. I just wanted to do something light and fun to distract me from the deep well of sadness that is my life. You probably wouldn't understand."

BoJack: "Oh, puh-lease. I'm so deep down a well of sadness that Baby Jessica is like, "Damn."

Naomi: "Shut up and kiss me, you miserable goof."

BoJack: What?

Naomi: Mwah

BoJack: Oh. Okay.

Naomi: Mwah.

BoJack: Pop this in a drawer. Huh?

Naomi: This is good, baby.

BoJack: Oh, this is amazing. Naomi, I haven't felt like this since..

Naomi: No, no, shh, shh, shh! Call me Diane.

Lenny: Okay, got my bagel. Now back to work.

Diane: Hey, guys. Hey, guys! Wow, wow. So you guys really hit it off, huh? That's—awesome.

BoJack: Want to do some hand stuff in the bathroom before we go down to set?

Naomi Watts: You read my mind. Now, kiss me some sour cream.

Diane: Hey, so I finished the book and sent the draft to the publishers.

BoJack: What? My book is ready? Let me read it. Can I read it?

Diane: Call Pinky. He'll probably send you a copy as soon as he's done with it.

BoJack: All right! You hang tight, baby. I got an instant classic to read. Keep the engine running, though, because if I know me, this book is gonna give me a pretty big erection.

Diane: Okay, enjoy! Keep an open mind. You'll love it. It's a work in progress.

    "PENGUIN PUBLISHING" 

Pinky Penguin: Hello. Penguin Publishing. Unless this is that loan shark, in which case, Johnny's House of Noodles. May I interest you in our bento lunch box?

BoJack: Pinky, it's me. Let me read the book. Give me, give me, give me.

Pinky: Okay, okay, now, I should warn you, it's not quite what we expected, but it is good. I'm telling you, this could really sell. I might actually get to see my kids again.

BoJack: Great. Send it over. I'll read it right now.

Pinky: All right, I sent it, but just remember

BoJack: To set my expectations sky-high? Way ahead of you. All right, book, let's see what you got. BoJack, this is you.

"ONE TRICK PONY by DIANE NGUYEN"

(Diane's voice-over) "The first time I met BoJack Horseman, he was puking cotton candy off the deck of his lavish house in the Hills, the lights of the city twinkling below us. ... The Make-A-Wish kids will not soon forget the time the great BoJack Horseman referred to their parents as 'a bunch of used jizz bags.' ... He filled the air with words, terrified of silence, as one often is who is smart enough to recognize his many personal failings but unwilling or unable to take the steps required to fix them. ... Got out of the car, stepped out toward the coast, and looked across the water, and for a moment, he said nothing." .. What the shit was that?

BoJack: What the shit is this?

Diane: It's a phone. Well, a tiny computer, really. I mean, amazing what technology can..

BoJack: You were supposed to ghostwrite my memoir, but instead you wrote a story about how you spent six months with me and saw what a big, dumb loser I am.

Diane: Well, I realized that the best way to fully capture you, warts and all..

BoJack: This isn't warts and all. It's just warts. Where's the all? I come off like a total asshole.

Diane: You come off as complex and deeply troubled but ultimately sympathetic. You might be too close to see that.

BoJack: There's an entire chapter about me eating apple fritters.

Diane: You did go through that fritter phase.

BoJack: Is this book how you see me? That day we ran errands together, I thought that we had a really good time, but you just wrote about how I cried because the dry cleaner took my head shot down.

Diane: You were very emotional.

BoJack: They didn't even replace me with anyone. Now it's just a faded spot where my face used to be.

Diane: This will actually do wonders for your career. Trust me. I mean, you're just a dumb actor who doesn't know anything about books, right?

BoJack: What?

Diane: Remember? From before?

BoJack: Oh, I don't think you understand what's happening here. This is not a casual conversation between friends. This is your boss telling his employee that she did a bad job. Try again.

Diane: What?!

BoJack: Start over, but do it right this time. Nobody is ever gonna see this.

Diane: Ugh!

Wayne: (on the phone) Diane?

Diane: Hey, Wayne, you still work for BuzzFeed?

Wayne: Um, yes.

Diane: 'Cause I got something that's gonna get you a shit-ton of hearts or digs or smileys or whatever the hell you measure your journalism with.

Wallace Shawn: "Curses! My evil plan has been defeated, but I'll be back. You haven't heard the last of Evil Emperor BoJackitron Horsemaniac. Oh, no! You shot a laser at me! Oh, no! I'm dying. Oh, no, I'm dead."

Woman: "And so now that we've escaped the evil clutches of the emperor, I'm free to assume my natural form, an all-knowing floating orb of light?"

BoJack: "True dat."

Quentin: Cut, cut.

BoJack: Come on, guys, this is ridiculous. Is this even a movie anymore?

Todd: Oh, maybe it isn't a movie.

Quentin: Yeah, maybe it's an immersive smartphone app or a 21st-century approach to 360-degree media envelopment.

Todd: Yeah, or maybe it's just, like, a feeling, you know?

Quentin: We've got work to do.

Todd: Yeah, yeah.

Quentin: Oh, my God, this is so good. Oh, this is gonna be awesome. Yes! Go, Todd.

BoJack: Hello? Are you just gonna leave me like this? Anyone?

BoJack: Ah! Oh, good. You're here.

Naomi Watts: Oh, hi, BoJack.

BoJack: This whole day's been a shit show. The book turned out to be a total hatchet job. The movie's a disaster. But thank God I have one good thing in my life, and that's you.

Naomi: BoJack, I..

BoJack: Please let me say this before I lose my nerve.

Naomi: Wait wait..

BoJack: I spent 50 years roaming the countryside as a wild stallion, but I am tired of the rodeo..

Naomi: Whoa--

BoJack: .. and I'm finally ready to saddle up.

Naomi: BoJack--

BoJack: I guess what I'm trying to say is, this mustang wants to rest his head in the comforts of your spacious barn.

Naomi: Uh, what?

BoJack: I'm in love with you, Naomi.

Naomi: BoJack, they fired me and replaced me with a ball on a stick.

BoJack: I'm so sorry. But look at the bright side. Now you and I can just hang out and talk about feelings.

Naomi: No, but you're not getting it. Boys never get it. BoJack, I was in character as Diane, and as Diane, we had a real connection. But now that I'm off the movie, I'm Naomi again, and Naomi is not interested in BoJack Horseman. In fact, she thinks he's kind of gross.

BoJack: So I didn't fall in love with Naomi Watts?

Naomi: No. You fell in love with Diane.

BoJack: Naomi Wa-a-atts?

Naomi: Good-bye, BoJack. (kisses him) Ugh. See? Nothing.

BoJack: What's going on? Why are they packing up?

Quentin: Oh, glad you're here. This is exciting. Since we last talked, this film has gone through so many permutations.

Todd: So many.

Quentin: First, we reimagined the whole film as an interactive social media experience.

BoJack: Those are the dumbest words I've ever heard.

Quentin: I know. So we realized it was actually more of a floating art installation, but that didn't feel right either.

Todd: We thought, is it a high-end perfume?

Quentin: A series of interrelated fortune cookies?

Todd: A hat that if you turn it upside down, it's a boat?

BoJack: No, it's none of those things.

Quentin: Exactly. That's why we finally settled on this. Voila!

BoJack: What am I looking at?

Todd: It is a bimonthly curated box of snacks.

BoJack: I don't know what that means.

Todd: I know. It's confusing. Not the bimonthly that means twice a month, the bimonthly that means every other month, and each time it's a different box of snacks.

Quentin: This is the future of cinema.

Mr. Peanutbutter: You guys, finally, my story has been told.

Quentin: Okay, that's a wrap, everyone. Thanks for making this box of snacks a reality. Let's go home.

Lenny: What the hell happened to the movie? Shit, there were snacks here the whole time? Not bad.

Todd: Whoa!

BoJack: Look, I get it. You destroyed my big chance at a comeback as revenge for what I did to your rock opera.

Todd: Revenge? Oh, that would have been such a good idea. Damn it, Todd! Look, I figured out what you did, but I've been trying to put it behind me and do my job.

BoJack: So cutting my part down was not about revenge?

Todd: No.

BoJack: And making BoJack the villain of your movie was not a coded statement of your feelings about me?

Todd: No.

BoJack: Oh, okay, great. Well, I'm.. I'm glad we buried the hatchet and everything's cool.

Todd: Uh, actually, you know, everything is not cool. You ruined my rock opera by using character actress Margo Martindale to trick me into playing an addictive video game. And saying it all together like that, it all sounds kind of ludicrous. But still, it was something I cared about, and what you did really hurt me.

BoJack: Oh. Well, this feels shitty. You sure you don't want to just get some revenge real quick thump me once in the stones and then we'll be even?

Todd: I got to go. I've got some artisanal popcorns to gauge the mouthfeel of.

Man One: Hey, BoJack.

BoJack: Yeah?

Man One: You want an apple fritter?

BoJack: Uh, sure.

Man One: Yeah, I bet you would. I bet you'd like an apple fritter.

BoJack: Yeah, an apple fritter would be great. Why? Wh—What—What's happening here? ("BUZZFEED. Dark Horseman:") "Five Shocking Facts From New BoJack Book." (1.Fritter Fanatic...)"? No. No! Um, everyone, please turn off your Internet. It has gone bad. I repeat, the Internet has gone foul.

Woman: What a loser.

Man One: I'm glad I'm not that guy.

BoJack: Give me your phones. I'm a celebrity. You have to listen to me.

Man One: Look at his deep well of sadness. It's hilarious.

BoJack: Don't look at me. I'm well-adjusted. You all want my life.

Uh, what the hell?

Diane: I know, I know. But if you just listen for..

BoJack: You posted your dumb little book on the Internet.

Diane: No, I just leaked the first couple chapters, and people are already talking about it.

BoJack: This is wildly unprofessional. Who do you think you are?

Diane: I know you're mad, and you have every right to be, but you got to read some of these comments. People love you. And they're gonna love you even more when they read the rest of my book.

BoJack: Your book?

Diane: Our book.

BoJack: Nobody is gonna read that book. How do you still not get that? It is never going to be published.

Diane: BoJack, I stand by my work. This is a really good book. And if you just give it time, you'll see.

BoJack: Maybe you're right.

Diane: Really?

BoJack: No. You're fired. 

Bird: Whoa!

BoJack: Okay, how about this one? "BoJack swallowed a dozen pastries in the time it took the caterer to unwrap a fruit tray. When she asked where the pastries had gone, BoJack claimed he had no idea, spraying her with bits of buttery crust?"

Pinky Penguin:" World's 3th best dad" (laughing) I did that once. But with holiday cookies. I had sprinkles all over my sweater.

Diane: See? People respond to the flawed portrait I painted of you. They see themselves in it. Why do you love Secretariat?

BoJack: Uh...because he was awesome?

Diane: No, because he was flawed. BoJack, when people find out that someone like you, who seems larger than life, is actually just as wounded and vulnerable as they are, it makes them feel less lonely.

BoJack: Ugh, no! Maybe that's what flawed, sad fatties want from other celebrities, but for BoJack Horseman, they want a heroic horse-stud who is awesome and who can save them from their flawed, sad, fatty lives.

Diane: You're so wrong.

BoJack: Actually, you know what? Now that I think about it, I think that you're so wrong!!

Pinky: Listen, we all agree Diane broke the contract by leaking the first two chapters, but the response has been amazing! People want to read more, and we have to get this to the printers by the end of the week, because that's when the repo men are coming to take away our printers.

BoJack: The end of the week? No! Okay, what if I told you that I could have a new book for you by then?

Diane: What?

BoJack: Yeah, a better one. Better stories, better told, by me straight from the horse's mouth.

Diane: You're gonna write a whole book in five days? When's the last time you even read a book? The Firm, by John Grisham?

BoJack: Do you think what you do is so-o-o ha-a-rd? "I'm a writer. I go to coffee shops with my laptop and my notebook and my dumb glasses that I have to wear, because I'm so important I need to see clearly."

Diane: Well, I wish you the best of luck.

BoJack: You know what your problem is? You think you're so much smarter than everybody. Well, guess what. I spent as much time with you as you did with me. Why don't I write a book about how you married Mr.Peanutbutter because he's too dumb to see how much better you think you are?

Diane: Okay, I know you're upset—

BoJack: I'm not upset. I'm just sick of nerd-girls like you beating up on stars like me. It's pathetic! I'm sorry no one wanted to date you in high school, Diane, but I don't see why I have to suffer just because you were never especially pretty or interesting.

Diane: You really let me down, BoJack.

BoJack: You really let me down. I apologize for her outbursts.

Pinky: So, you really think you could write a better book by Friday?

BoJack: Damn right I can, so you can throw this turd of a book in the garbage and then light the garbage on fire. In fact, you can burn all books, because my book, written by me, is gonna kick your dick off.

BoJack: Okay, chapter one. Hmm...not quite right. What?

Princess Carolyn: (on the phone) Why are you rewriting the book, bozo? Diane's version is great. You're gonna lose gems like this one: (excessive throat screeching noises) ay-hem. "The only longstanding relationship in BoJack's life is with his agent, Princess Carolyn. Her loyalty must come from a deep-rooted faith that she's talented enough to sustain the career of a man society perceives as a joke."

BoJack: Yeah, I would say that I'm not such a fan of that one.

Princess Carolyn: Look, all publicity is good publicity. That guy who killed all those teachers and ate their fingers? He just got married in jail, and when this book comes out, you could be that guy.

BoJack: Egh, don't you get it? This is my last chance to make people love me again. If this goes out, everybody's gonna see the real me. Now, I spend a lot of time with the real me, and believe me, nobody's gonna love that guy.

Princess Carolyn: Okay.

BoJack: Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go take a shower so I can't tell if I'm crying or not.

BoJack: All right, let's get to work. (knuckles crack) I feel like we can beat this font. Ah, Copperplate, a font for the truly modern man. Ha. No. There you are, Verdana. Thought you could hide at the end of the alphabet, did ya'? Oh, Comic Sans, you drunk, go home. 3:10?! I just spent six hours playing with fonts? Holy shit! Okay, focus BoJack, focus. Here comes the focus. Well, this can't be that hard.

Diane's voice-over: "BoJack often felt the need to impress me with material items."

    FLASHBACK 

BoJack: You can see from the teeny, tiny brush strokes, that this is very expensive. The color is, um This one they don't even have a name for, that's how exclusive it is, and this..

Diane's voice-over: "I wondered where this came from. There were two obvious suspects. His mother Beatrice, heiress to the Sugarman Sugar Cube's fortune and used to certain comforts, and his working-class father, Butterscotch Horseman, who struggled, and often failed, to provide those comforts. Or, maybe it was something even.."

BoJack: Puu-uhh-hh! Puu-uhh-hh! Hey, Todd, Todd!

Todd: What? What?

BoJack: Todd! Todd!

Todd: What? What?

BoJack: Eyeballs here Look at me. Look at me! I need to work. I can't afford to be distracted. Don't distract me.

Todd: Fine.

BoJack: Egh, Jesus, Todd! Read louder much?

Todd: Sorry.

BoJack: Oh, sure, just drop Toaster Strudel crumbs all over the floor, why don't you? Guess I'll just clean them up myself, like always. I can't work like this. Come on, come on, come on, pick it up, you dumb vacuum. I do not have time for this. I need to write. What the.. Come on! Seriously? You cannot be seriou.. God, why are you keeping me from writing?!

BoJack: My parents loved me so much, it was crazy. I remember one Sunday afternoon, my mother said, "Your father and I want to spend quality family time together. All the kids in school envy your intelligence and kickball ability. Here's an ice cream sundae." No, wait. "An ice cream sandwich." No. "A dreamsicle." Egh, no. I don't know. This is dumb.

Butterscotch: Nice writing, Shakespeare.

Young BoJack: What did I do?

BoJack: Just need something to help me focus. Coffee. No, no. Cigarettes. No, tequila! No, I just need the right music.. to do drugs to.

BoJack: Sarah Lynn, I know things got kind of out of hand last time when I tried to make you stop doing drugs. So I just want to thank you for coming over this time to give me drugs.

Sarah Lynn: Well, you can't go wrong with Dr. Hu's drugs. They're from another dimension.

BoJack: These are gonna help me focus and get work done, right?

Dr. Hu: Oh, Yes. These are what I give college students so when they come to, their term papers have written themselves.

Todd: That's exactly what he needs. Also, I should probably do another one.

BoJack: Oh, it's "Hu." Dr. Hu.

Dr. Hu: That's right, Dr. Hu. Dr. Allen Hu.

BoJack: No, no, no, but I thought it was "Who," like Doctor Who.

Dr. Hu: Yes, that's exactly what it's like.

BoJack: No, not H-U, but, "who," like, "Hello, who is it?"

Dr. Hu: I don't know. Who is it? I'm sorry, is this a joke? Is he telling a joke? That I just don't—

Sarah Lynn: Hard to tell. Sometimes I just laugh after he talks so he'll leave me alone.

BoJack: Seriously? Am I the only one who knows the extremely popular BBC science fiction show about the time traveling doctor who saves civilizations?

Todd: Uh, yeah. I know what you're talking about Doctor Who.

Dr. Hu: Yes?

BoJack: No. Yes, thank you. Doctor Who.

Dr. Hu: Yes?

Todd: I saw the one where she goes to the Wild West. The Cheyenne called her Medicine Woman.

BoJack: What? No, that's Dr. Quinn.

Todd: Who's Dr. Quinn?

Dr. Hu: I most certainly am not.

Sarah Lynn: Hu's not Dr. Quinn? Hu's Dr. Hu?

Todd: I don't know.

Sarah Lynn & Todd: Third base!

BoJack: When are these drugs going to kick in?

Dr. Hu: Any minute now, if they haven't already. I want you to take three of these every hour and take two of these every 1/2 hour. Whatever you do, don't take more than four of these every 90 minutes, and take the first two of the three before you take the second two of the four. And don't expose yourself to bright light or get wet.

BoJack: So Gremlin rules?

Dr. Hu: Exactly! Well, I'm off to perform child heart surgery. Wish me luck.

BoJack: All right, team, focus up. We got a book to write.

    LATER 

Sarah Lynn & Todd: Yeah, yeah. My God, this is so good. It's good. So good, so good.

BoJack: Okay, Todd, how is it going with the heartwarming anecdotes?

Todd: Great! I'm writing about that time we officially became best friends.

BoJack: Nice! Can you change best to pretty good? Sarah Lynn, how's it coming with the Horsin' Around years?

Sarah Lynn: Almost done with the story where Hulk Hogan guest starred and told us to say no to drugs.

BoJack: Great. Keep typing, monkeys. (Blackout) If only Hulk Hogan could see us now, right?

Todd: What?

BoJack: Because Sarah Lynn said the thing about Hulk Hogan?

Sarah Lynn: That was like four hours ago.

BoJack: Oh, right. How we doing now?

Sarah Lynn: Sending.

Todd: Just about to send.

BoJack: Nice. Okay, this is great. That puts us at 216 pages? Holy shit, that's almost as long as The Firm by John Grisham.

Todd: And we just needed to get to 200, right?

Sarah Lynn: I'm just gonna keep writing. I got a lot of synapses firing right now.

BoJack: It's surprisingly literate and insightful, but still fun. It's a beach read you can thumb through in a wing chair. Can't believe Diane thought this was so hard. "Oh, my fingers are cramping from all this typing. It's like they're having their period."

Todd: Did Diane really say that?

BoJack: No, but my fingers are cramping. It's like they're having their period, am I right?

Sarah Lynn: (forced laugh)

BoJack: Are you just laughing so I'll leave you alone?

Sarah Lynn: (forced laugh) Good one.

BoJack: We just need a way to end this thing. What should the ending be?

Todd: Maybe it was Earth all along.

BoJack: Not that, but something like that. Keep thinking. (Blackout) I got it! Did you guys switch clothes?

Sarah Lynn: No.

Todd: (talking backward)

BoJack: Er—What—Huh—?

Sarah Lynn: I don't know. I like your idea better, BoJack.

BoJack: What?

Todd: Your idea for the ending.

BoJack: Oh, what'd I say?

Todd: About Maine. About how you end up in Maine.

Sarah Lynn: I like the part where you swim in the lake in the summers.

BoJack: Yeah, right, and when I get too old to take care of myself, I go for one last swim. I know I can't make it back to shore. I'm too weak, too tired. So I just let the water take me under.

Todd: Eesh! Downer ending.

BoJack: You got something better?

Sarah Lynn: Wait a minute. Maybe we don't know the ending yet because you haven't lived it.

Todd: Yeah, I mean, if you want to, like, finish finish the book, then you'd have to, like, die tonight.

Sarah Lynn: I know! I should murder you. ... I'm serious. Think about it. If the little girl you raised on television killed you in real life (gasps) people would eat that shit up.

BoJack: I love it. It's perfect. We'll sell so many books.

Todd: Oh, yeah. Yeah, kill BoJack!

Sarah Lynn: I'm gonna kill you!

Todd: Yes! There it is! Yeah, gonna get you!

    (all yelling) 
    (ominous rock music) 

BoJack: No, no, no, no

BoJack: Okay, so what did we learn? We learned that if we're going to do drugs we should do them at home where it's safe to do them together, right, Todd?

Sarah Lynn: No!

BoJack: Don't worry, guys. I have this gun to keep us safe from intruders. And each other.

Todd: Wait, wait, wait. Is that just your gun-shaped lighter, or your lighter-shaped gun?

BoJack: Busted! It's just a lighter.

    (gunshot) 

ALL: Aah!

BoJack: Shit, I guess it's my gun. Then what'd I do with my lighter? And what did I give to that baby?

Todd: Ha, I have a gun, too.

BoJack: Don't be a Silly Billy. That's a broom. Wait, am I holding a gun? (Blackout) Todd, are you holding a gun or a broom?

Todd: I can't tell anymore!!

BoJack: I guess we'll just have to shoot them at each other at the same time to find out!

Todd: Okay!

BoJack: Todd, sh—Oh— Can I just say—Todd, Todd, I need you—I need you to shh. Listen, listen, Todd. Okay, just to be totally clear, we're shooting each other to determine whether we're holding guns or brooms, right? Not because you're still mad about the whole me sabotaging you with the rock opera and your live stream and suchety-such?

Todd: BoJack, shh, shh, okay, BoJ? Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet. As you know, I was hurt, but then I realized that's just how you are. You know, and maybe I just need to stop expecting you to be a good person, so that way, I won't get hurt when you're not.

BoJack: Oh—oh, Okay.

Sarah Lynn: Hey, this isn't fair. I don't have a gun.

BoJack: Sarah Lynn is right. You know, if we all had guns, then no one would need a gun, and we would all be safe. Oh my God. I think we just solved the gun crisis in America.

Todd: Let them eat guns!

    (fake gunfire) 

Todd: Bang, bang, pow, pow, yeah, wow!

Sarah Lynn: Let's celebrate by taking more drugs.

    (intense electronic music) 

Todd: Now we just have to solve the drug crisis in America.

BoJack: Easy! We'll take them all.

Todd: Yes!

Sarah Lynn: (laughing)

    "Madness, Chaos in the brain" 
    "Let my blood flow" 
    "Make my blood flow" 
    "Through you, man" 
    "You've got no business" 
    "Questioning a thing" 

(music fades)(echoing whooping sound)

    TWO DAYS LATER 

Diane: BoJack?

BoJack: (groans, sniffs)

Diane: Hey, sorry. You okay?

BoJack: Yeah

Diane: Listen, I've thought about it, and you're right. Your memoir should be a representation of you. It's only fair you're happy with how you're portrayed.

BoJack: Really?

Diane: Yeah. And I want to help write a book we can both be proud of.

BoJack: Oh, my God. Thank you. Thank you.

    (kissing) 

Diane: Oh, Wha— Ooh!

BoJack: Are you okay?

Diane: Oh, no! (panting) Not this again! Ga-a-a-h-h-h!

BoJack: (yelling) What is happening?!

Diane: I ate too many pa-a-ancakes!

BoJack: Oh, shit, I'm still tripping.

    Actually, not two days later. Just two minutes later. 

Diane: (groaning, grunting) Kiss me.

BoJack: Oh, go— (whimpering)

    (Electrical crackling) 

BoJack: Ah—ah—oh! Oh, oh, ah, ah. (yelling)

    (laughter) 

BoJack: (sneezes, cries)

Herb: You abandoned me, and I will never forgive you for that!

    CUT, "Silver Spoon diner" 

Mr. Peanutbutter: I'm Mr.Peanut—I'm Mr.Peanut—I'm Mr. Peanutbutter.

BoJack: Oh, my God! (grunting, panting) What?

Mr. Peanutbutter: (deep voice) Hoo hoo hah hah hah—

BoJack: Ah! (thud) Whoa. What the— Whoa! Okay, stay calm. I don't have outlines anymore. That's okay. There's no boundary between me and space. This is a thing that happens. (groans)

BoJack: Shouldn't we help him?

Diane: No, he loves treading water.

BoJack: Oh—Oh, God. Oh—uh-oh. (whimpering) Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.

    (shrill laughter) 

    (laughter, chatter) 

BoJack: Why is everyone laughing? What's so funny?

Herb: Cut! Get your head out of your ass, B.J. Your line is, "This is all I am and all I'll ever be."

BoJack: "This is all I am and all I'll ever be."

Ethan: "You can say that again (voice changes) old man."

    (echoing laughter) 
    (soft heavently choir) "Oh" 

Sabrina: Horse, horse, horse!

BoJack: What is it?

Sarah Lynn: Will you make me a penis butter and va-jelly sandwich?

BoJack: What?!

Sarah Lynn: I said, make me a penis butter va-jelly sandwich, bitch!

    (laughter) 

BoJack: No, no.

Todd: (voice) No? Well, isn't it too late to say no, BoJack? This is the road you chose.

    (laughter) 

BoJack: I'm sinking, somebody help. The floor is tar.

Charlotte: Why don't you come with me? Come to Maine.

BoJack: I can't, I'm stuck. Do they have Pinkberry in Maine? I can't!

    PAST 

Beatrice: Go out there.

Young BoJack: I can't.

Beatrice: Can't lives in a house on Won't Street. You will not embarrass me in front of the entire Supper Club. I told them you were going to sing the "Lollipop" song.

Young BoJack: But I don't feel like singing.

Beatrice: Nobody gives a damn what you feel. You've got an audience out there, and they want to hear you sing. Now, you want your mommy to love you? You go out there and you do the only thing you're good for, which is singing the goddamn Lollipop song. And let me tell you somethin'. The secret to living forever is..

    CUT, CEMETERY 
    "Here lies Beatrice Horseman wife and mother" 
    "Butterscotch Horseman Patriot, Patriarch, Pony" 
    "BoJack Horseman whom no one remembers... " 

BoJack: Oh, no.

    "LIFE HELP 5c. The memoirist is IN" 

Muppet Diane: Hey. What seems to be the problem?

BoJack: Good grief. I'm so depressed. I just want everyone to love me, but I don't know how to make them do it.

Diane: You can't force love, you blockhead. All you can do is be good to the people in your life, and keep your heart open.

BoJack: I screwed it all up. It's too late for me, isn't it?

Diane: I don't know. I'm just a crazy drug hallucination. I'll say whatever you want me to.

BoJack: Then tell me it's not too late.

Diane: Well, it's not too late. It's never too late.

BoJack: Yeah, that's right.

Diane: It's never too late to be the person you want to be. You need to choose the life you want. That'll be 5 cents please

    CUT, Winter 

BoJack: (grunts)

Charlotte: BoJack.

BoJack: Yes, dear?

Charlotte: Supper's ready.

BoJack: Ran into Ed at the hardware store. He said we're in for some weather. What the hell does that mean? "Some weather." We're always in for some weather. Guess what, Ed? There's never not weather.

Charlotte: (laughs) Oh, BoJack, don't.

BoJack: Come on, I can't help it. It's just so cute how they do it automatically. How do they know?

Charlotte: Mwah.

BoJack: Oh, man, can we just stay exactly like this for the rest of our lives, please?

Charlotte: Yeah, okay, sure, or we could do the opposite of that, because I'm pregnant.

BoJack: What? That's amazing.

Charlotte: Yeah, and I'm 80% sure it's yours. Mwah.

BoJack: Is it weird that I want to make love to you right now?

Charlotte: Why would that be weird?

BoJack: I don't know, it's— I don't want to spook the baby. Maybe we should just do mouth and hand stuff for the next nine months.

Charlotte: Mwah.

    (mellow instrumentals) 
    Nine months later 

BoJack: I think someone's awake.

Infant Harper: Dada coming? Dada coming?

BoJack: Yes, Gooby Girl, Dada's coming.

Harper: Dada.

BoJack: I'm gonna eat your finger. Yum, yum, num, num.

Harper: (gigling, cooing)

    LATER 

Young Harper: Daddy?

BoJack: Harper?

Harper: Where do the stars go?

BoJack: They're still there. We just can't see them because the sun is shining.

Harper: Oh, Daddy?

BoJack: Harper?

Harper: Do you think if you were a little kid, we would be friends?

BoJack: Well, that depends. Do you love cookies, and the color green, and braids?

Harper: Yes, I love all those things.

BoJack: Well, then, your application has been submitted and is pending board approval. Approved!

Harper: Wah! (laughing) Whoa!

    LATER 

Teenage Harper: No splashing! No. It's rough, don't. You're tickling.

Boy: I got you!

BoJack: She grew up so fast.

Charlotte: I don't like that he drives a motorcycle.

BoJack: Honey, a Vespa is not a motorcycle.

Charlotte: (laughs) Okay, okay.

BoJack: What are you thinking about?

Charlotte: Oh, just how nice things could've been if you had chosen this life.

    (distant rhythmic sound) 

    (cell phone vibrating) 
    CUT, BELLICAN'S 

BoJack: Oh— What? Where? Hello?

Princess Carolyn: BoJack, I read the pages you sent me last night, and I have to tell you, your book is absolutely, without a doubt, the most— gibberish. It's gibberish.

BoJack: What day is it?

Princess Carolyn: Let's see what you got here. You got 20 pages of Doctor Who erotic fan fiction, a recipe for soup, five different theories about how 9/11 happened, and a bunch of embedded YouTube videos that can't possibly be printed in book form.

BoJack: Okay, I gotta go.

    (beep) 

    CUT, NOHO 
    "This Weekend Only!!" 
    "Ghost Write Con" 
    "All the Ghostwriters" 
    "You Know and Love!" 

Pinky: Any questions, at all, for our panel of ghostwriters?

Fan Girl: Um, yeah, I have a question for Tori Spelling.

Pinky: Again, Tori Spelling is not here, as I already explained. Tori Spelling's ghostwriter is here. This is a ghostwriter convention. How do you not— Okay, next question?

Man: Uh, yeah, this is for the whole panel. What's your favorite kind of ghost to write for?

Pinky: What?! No, they don't write for ghosts. That's not wha— Why did I think this would be a good idea? Does anyone have an actual question for someone on this panel? An actual question, or a gun, so I can shoot myself?

BoJack: Yeah, I got a question.

Pinky: Oh, thank God.

    (microphone feedback) 

BoJack: My question is for Diane. Look, I'm sorry about all the stuff I said about you earlier. We can publish the book you wrote. You're obviously a better writer than I am, and I don't actually even really care what the world thinks about me anymore. I just hated reading that book because I hated feeling like that's how you saw me. Because I guess you know me better than anybody, and if you think that— Um, I guess my question is, do you.. Do you think it's too late for me?

Diane: What?

BoJack: I mean, am I just doomed to be the person that I am? The The person in that book? It's not too late for me, is it? It's— It's not too late Diane, I need you to tell me that it's not too late.

Diane: BoJack, I—

BoJack: I— I need you to tell me that I'm a good person. I know that I can be selfish and narcissistic and self-destructive, but underneath all that, deep down, I'm a good person, and I need you to tell me that I'm good, Diane. Tell me, please, Diane. Tell me that I'm good.

    (Bird calling) 
    (Harper giggling distantly) 

Man: Hey, aren't you the horse from Horsin' Around? 

Dick Cavett: When we booked you for this show, you'd just won the Triple Crown, but then just this week, I open up the newspaper and look at this—"Secretariat Under Investigation." What am I supposed to do with that?

Secretariat: Maybe it's a different Secretariat. Ha ha ha ha. No, but seriously, folks, there is no truth to these allegations. I have never bet on horse racing, and I certainly did not bet on my own races. Although I did bet the network's gonna give your show back to Joey Bishop.

Dick: O—ho ho—kay. We get letters here on the show, and one particular letter, for you, actually, struck a chord with our producers. This is from BoJack H. BoJack is nine years old. BoJack writes, "Dear Secretariat, I am a horse just like you. I like to watch racing, and you are my favorite racer."

Secretariat: Smart kid.

Dick: "When I grow up, I want to be just like you, and I think I'm on the right track. Get it? Track, because horses run on tracks, and you are a horse, and I am a horse. Do you get it? Do you get my joke about the track?" Okay, there's a whole page of this.

Secretariat: Should I write him back and tell him I get it?

Dick: He goes on, "My question for you is, I am a good kid, and I like to play, and I like to go to school, but sometimes I get sad. What do you do when you get sad? How do you not be sad? Sincerely, BoJack."

Secretariat: That's a great letter. BoJack, when I was your age, I got sad. A lot. I didn't come from such a great home, but one day, I started running, and that seemed to make sense, so then I just kept running. BoJack, when you get sad, you run straight ahead and you keep running forward, no matter what. There are people in your life who are gonna try to hold you back, slow you down, but you don't let them. Don't you stop running and don't you ever look behind you. There's nothing for you behind you. All that exists is what's ahead.

    ONE MONTH LATER 

Man One: Good morning, Louisville. It's August 22nd, 1973.

Man Two: A sad day for the sport of horse racing. Secretariat banned for life from competition.

Man One: It's a disgrace is what it is. This is the '70s. You can't cheat in sports and get away with it.

Man Two: You know, I think it just goes to show you, you can be the fastest runner in the world, but you can't outrun the truth.

    (wind whooshes) 

Man Three: And traffic is jammed today coming into Louisville. Looks like some idiot parked his car on the bridge.

    "GOLDEN GLOBES: a totally necessary awards show" 

Mr. Peanutbutter: And the Golden Globe for Best Comedy or Musical goes to—BoJack Horseman, my friend, for his book One Trick Pony.

BoJack: Yeah!

Announcer: This is a first win for BoJack Horseman and his first appearance at the Globe ceremony since his forced removal in 1992 after he exchanged blows with Sir Paul McCartney.

BoJack: Wow, what an honor. I have to thank the Hollywoo Foreign Press. I feel like I should mention that my book was not a comedy or a musical. Do you guys actually watch the movies you give awards to? 'Cause I kind of get the sense that—Also, my book was not a movie. You do know that, right?

Mr. Peanutbutter: We're friends.

BoJack: Anyway, the response to this book has been incredible. These last three months have been really amazing. You know, a lot of people said to me, "You sure you want to publish this book? It's pretty personal." And I said, "If I can make just one person out there feel a little less alone, then it's all worth it." And they said, "That's really brave." And I said, "Well, I'm not one to call myself brave, but since you said it, yeah, I am." After-party at my restaurant!

    (cheering, applause) 

    ELEFANTE 

BoJack: Why did I say after-party at my restaurant? I do not want to throw a party.

Todd: It did seem unlike you. I'm gonna go get some cotton candy. You want some?

BoJack: No! (pause) Yes.

Princess Carolyn: There he is, man of the hour.

Vincent: Hello, other grown up.

BoJack: Ugh.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, cheer up, dummy. Your book is a huge success. Everybody loves you. You just won a Golden Globe. If you can't be happy tonight, maybe you'll never be happy again.

BoJack: I'm sorry, is that supposed to be encouraging? Because it's super-bleak.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Vincent Adultman how are things at the old nine to five?

Vincent: Good. I went to the stock market today. I did a business.

Princess Carolyn: I keep telling him he works too hard. Come on, Vincent, let's get away from the rat race. Take a cruise someplace wet and Latin. I mean, can you imagine this body in a swimsuit?

BoJack: I literally cannot.

Princess Carolyn: Vincent, let's do a lap. Have you met Brendan Fraser? I feel like you two would love each other.

Vincent: Whoa. Easy, easy.

BoJack: I got to hand it to Diane. This book has been everything she said it would be.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yeah, she knows what she's doing.

BoJack: How is Diane? I haven't seen her since— Well, I haven't seen her in a while.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, the book's been huge for her, too. She's practically as famous as I am now. We're like the Brangelinas.

BoJack: Well, I'm happy she's happy.

Mr. Peanutbutter: And how are you?

BoJack: Well, it's been really hard—

Mr. Peanutbutter: Erica, is that you? Who let you out of the burn ward? Get over here, you.

BoJack: Uhh

Girl One:: ("I'M ZOE") Excuse me. I just have to tell you how much I love your book. It's so naked and honest and revealing.

BoJack: It is? Oh-oh

Girl One: I love the part about how you became famous so you could be constantly surrounded by distraction and wouldn't have to be alone with yourself. I thought that was a really profound observation.

BoJack: Oh, yeah, definitely. So profound. Hey, do you want to get out of here?

Girl One: What?

BoJack: Come back to my place, maybe get a little more naked, honest and revealing?

Girl One: Oh, no. No, thanks.

BoJack: What about you?

Girl Two: Yeah, okay.

BoJack:(groans) Oh—Whoa.

Girl Two: (screams)

BoJack: Huh.

    CUT, STORE 

Robin: Hey, Diane.

Blue Jay: You still friends with BoJack?

Robin: Heard you two were on the outs. You gonna write another book about it?

Blue Jay: You looking at some oranges? You gonna write a book about those oranges, huh?

Diane: Ugh. Hello.

Sebastian: Diane. Sebastian St.Claire here, famed billionaire philanthropist/adventurer. Please, hold your applause.

Diane: Okay.

Sebastian: Well, you can applaud a little.

Diane: Okay.

Sebastian: I got your number from Pinky Penguin. I'm looking for a journalist to follow me around for a few months and document my daring exploits aiding ravaged communities and displaced people. Ssss.

Diane: Wow, that sounds amazing. But that's not usually the kind of thing I write about.

Sebastian: Diane, if you can make people care about BoJack Horseman, surely you can make them care about emaciated orphans with missing limbs. We need to wake people up.

Diane: Well, I am a morning person.

Sebastian: I hope you mean mourning with a "u," because, Diane, this is deadly serious.

Diane: Oh, yes, of course.

    LATER, MR. Peanutbutter's HOUSE 

Mr. Peanutbutter: You want to spend three months in Sudan?

Diane: Not just there. We're also going to Haiti and Thailand and Uganda and Chechnya.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Can't you do all that in L.A.?

Diane: I want to do something important. I want to help people and do good work and sleep on the ground and poop in a bucket.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Honey, nobody wants to poop in a bucket.

Diane: Maybe I do. Maybe I want to poop in a bucket.

Mr. Peanutbutter: If you want to poop in a bucket, we can get you a bucket. You don't have to go all the way the Chechnylavakia. Am I saying that right?

Diane: It's not just the pooping in a bucket. I think it might be good for me to get out of L.A. for a little bit.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Sweetie, you know I support you, whatever you want to do, but you're not gonna find what you're looking for in these awful made-up places. The universe is a cruel, uncaring void. The key to being happy isn't a search for meaning. It's to just keep yourself busy with unimportant nonsense, and eventually, you'll be dead.

Diane: Well, I guess I can keep my options open.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Great. (whistles gleefully)

    VIGOR 

Princess Carolyn: Hey, can I ask you something? Did Vincent seem extra weird to you last night?

BoJack: Well, he's still three kids in a trench coat, so, no.

Princess Carolyn: We're going through a rough patch. It's hard, you know. He works a full-time job at the business factory, so when he gets home, he just wants to unwind by watching R-rated movies. I thought I was ready for a real adult relationship, but—Enough about me. BoJack, you are on fire.

BoJack: Are we talking about me again?

Princess Carolyn: We have an offer on the table for you to play the bad guy in the new James Bond.

BoJack: Ehh.

Princess Carolyn: I agree. Total garbage. But this, it's a new drama from the Coen Brothers. A western about a one-horse town and you're the horse. Hello, Oscar. What do you think?

BoJack: I think now's the time to finally make "Secretariat."

Princess Carolyn: Really? Now? Aren't you a little, um, very too old?

BoJack: You asked me what I wanted to do. That's what I want. That's all I've ever wanted, and if I can't get it now, then all of this has been for nothing.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, fish. Of course! Why would you ever make things easy for me when instead you could make things incredibly difficult? Laura, clear out the rest of my day. I have to push a boulder up a hill, and then have it roll over me time and time again with no regard for my well-being.

BoJack: Attagirl.

    PB's House 

Mr. Peanutbutter: All right, Todd. PB Livin' needs a new project. Bi-Monthly Curated Box of Snacks has been an enormous success, but I got into this game to make movies, so let's make a movie.

Todd: Well, I got a stack of great scripts here. Anyone of them would make a wonderful movie.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Fantastic.

Todd: But, I also have this other non-movie-related idea.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Ooh, let's hear the other idea.

Todd: Okay. I was heading down Wilshire, and I saw this empty storefront, and I thought, "You know what this world needs?"

Mr. Peanutbutter: Edge of my seat over here.

Todd: A store where people can buy Halloween stuff.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Halloween store. Feel like that's been done.

Todd: Yeah, in October, but how come you never see a Halloween store in January? It's an untapped market.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yeah. A Halloween store that's open year-round.

Todd: No, no. Just January.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Brilliant. That's the kind of idea that wins Golden Globes.

Lenny: I actually think the time is right for "Secretariat," so what do you want to play, like, Secretariat's dad or his grandfather, maybe like an elderly witch doctor who puts a curse on him or something?

BoJack: Lenny, look, I know I'm a little long in the tooth, but I think that you more than anyone would know not to count out an old pro.

Lenny: Don't play the ageism card with me, kid. I've laid farts that lasted longer than your entire career. But Secretariat was dead at 27, so who we kidding here?

BoJack: Just set the project up and give me an audition. That's all I ask.

Lenny: All right. You got yourself a "go" picture, kid. And by you, I mean me. And by "go" picture, I mean I'll make some phone calls, we'll see what I can do. And by "kid," I mean middle-aged adult.

Mr. Peanutbutter: (whispers) Shh. No, no, no. Put it here. Put it here.

Todd: Okay, I'll do it. Ahem. Has this ever happened to you?

BoJack: Has whatever happened to me?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Todd?

Todd: Yes, Mr. Peanutbutter?

BoJack: What's going on? Why are you talking like that?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Todd, I just got a phenomenal idea for a Halloween costume. Why don't you and I dash over to the store right quick and spend some hard-earned American money?

Todd: Oh, but, Mr. Peanutbutter, didn't you hear? It's January, and the Halloween store won't open for another nine months.

Mr. Peanutbutter: But I want satisfaction now.

Todd: Has this ever happened to you?

BoJack: Not to anyone ever at any time.

Todd: Ahem. We give you Halloween in January, a truly immersive Halloween experience for the rest of us.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Halloween in January? Please elaborate.

Todd: Okay, but before I do, tell the audience. Have we ever met before?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Never.

Todd: Well, according to facts, there's more suicides in January than any other month.

BoJack: Yeah, I'm getting pretty close over here.

Todd: Also, there's less Halloween stores. Coincidence?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Wow, I'm convinced. This store could save lives.

BoJack: Unbelievable. When your powers combine you are somehow even more stupid than the sum of your stupids.

Todd: Thank you.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Go on.

BoJack: You stop encouraging him and you stop encouraging him. The two of you are playing with fire.

Mr. Peanutbutter: A fire called Having a Good Idea.

Todd: Or maybe a fire called Friendship.

BoJack: Fires aren't called things.

Todd: What about the Chicago fire?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Or Fire Island.

Todd: Or Gabe.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Who's Gabe?

Todd: Just a fire I met once. Named him Gabe.

Mr. Peanutbutter: He sounds delightful.

Todd: He was. Good guy.

Mr. Peanutbutter: (groans)

    "CUT, ELEFANTE" 

Princess Carolyn: Business, business, business. Is that all you ever think about?

Vincent: I don't know.

Princess Carolyn: What's under that coat, Vincent? You need to let me in.

Vincent: Not right now. I have to call the guy at the office and take the car to the place.

Princess Carolyn: It's always guys in places with you. You know, I thought I wanted to date a real adult, but I'm actually young at heart. I need to feel the grass between my toes. I want to wear jeans. I want to dance.

Vincent: That's baby stuff.

Princess Carolyn: No, Vincent. There's more to being an adult than just work and business and the tall-person rides at Disneyland. I want to have fun. There has to be a difference between monogamy and monotony.

Vincent: What's mahumanunny?

Princess Carolyn: Well, clearly we had a different understanding of what this was. I'd like to be an adult about this, but frankly, I'm hurt. I think you should just go, just git. Get out of my life.

Vincent: Okay.

Princess Carolyn: Okay.

Vincent: Could I have another soda?

Lenny: BoJack, you know Kelsey Jannings, our director.

BoJack: I really appreciate you giving me this opportunity.

Kelsey Jannings: Yeah.

BoJack: Secretariat was kind of my hero as a kid.

Kelsey: Yeah, he was a lot of people's hero.

BoJack: Well, you know, here was a guy who had everything—

Kelsey: Yeah, I know the story. I'm the director.

Lenny: Kelsey, be nice. She's just cranky because she's already seen thirty people read for this today, and we are all so goddamn sick of seeing auditions, so whenever you're ready. Just jump right in.

BoJack: Great. Let's get to it.

[reading lines]

Woman: (stilted) Hey, ain't you that horse that won all them races?

BoJack: "Not today, ma'am. Today I'm just a customer who wants a warm slice of pie."

Woman: "Can I ask you a question? When you're out there on that there racetrack, what are you running from?"

BoJack: "You want to know the truth? Nothing."

Woman: "Everyone's running from something, sugar."

BoJack: "No, I'm running from nothing. I'm terrified of nothing. People come up to me, they want my autograph, they want my picture. They think they recognize something in me, and I want to be that person they think I am, but I'm not. They see a greatness in me, and they mistake it for goodness, but I— I know there's nothing there. As fast as I run, I can't get way from that."

Kelsey: Oh.

Lenny: Wow. BoJack, I think I speak for everyone when I say—

Woman: Oh, My God, Andrew Garfield said yes. We have our Secretariat!

Lenny: We got Andrew Garfield?

Woman: Oh, my God, it's the best day of my life.

Lenny: You don't say no to Spider-Man.

Woman: This movie is gonna be amazing! Wow!

BoJack: Andrew—Garfield!!!

    "CORDOVIA" 

Sebastian: Now, the pills will give you nightmares— I mean, just horrifying but the malaria will give you death, so you're going to want to take the pills, Diane.

Diane: Uh-huh

Sebastian: Hold on. A mosquito got into my tent. What do you want?

Diane: Hello?

Princess Carolyn: Diane, it's Princess Carolyn, BoJack's agent.

Diane: Yeah, I know who you are.

Princess Carolyn: I'm the pink cat, the one who used to date BoJack.

Diane: We've met a lot of times. You came to my wedding.

Princess Carolyn: Listen, the Turteltaub Company is making a movie about Secretariat. And since you're such an expert, they want to bring you on board as a character consultant.

Diane: What does that mean?

Princess Carolyn: It's the cushiest job in the world. You sit in a fancy chair and eat pastries all day. And then once a week, you say, "Oh, Secretariat wouldn't do that."

Diane: I don't know. I've already been offered this other thing. And did you know there are orphans in Sudan?

Princess Carolyn: Honey, you take this job, you can buy all the orphans you want.

Diane: No, I don't want to buy them.

Princess Carolyn: Look, if you really want to help people, it doesn't hurt to have a little money in your pocket. Take the job now, help the orphans later. There's always later.

Diane: Hmm

Princess Carolyn: Okay, talk it over with your husband. I got to go get my whiskers trimmed. I run into walls for days, but I look hot.

    "Silver Spoon DINER" 

BoJack: How's the pie here?

Waitress: Not good.

BoJack: Well, I'll take all you got. Screw it. Throw it in a bowl with some bourbon and bring me a ladle.

Waitress: Mm-hmm.

Todd: BoJack, we notice you've been pretty down in the dumps lately, but we have something that we think is going to cheer you up.

Mr. Peanutbutter: It's an exciting new business venture that's equal parts new and exciting.

BoJack: Another one? What happened to your Halloween store?

Mr. Peanutbutter: What now?

Todd: oh, right. The Halloween store. We took the floor out because Mr. Peanutbutter kept scratching up the hardwood, and then—Did we ever get the new floor installed?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh—

    "CUT" 

Guy: Halloween? In January? What a great ide— Aah! (thud)

Mr. Peanutbutter: Anyway, now we're all about smoodies.

BoJack: What?

Todd: Smoodies.

BoJack: You're saying smoothies, right? Smoothies.

Todd: No. Smoodies. It's a mood that you drink like a smoothie.

BoJack: I don't understand it. How do you drink a mood?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Like a smoothie.

BoJack: So it is a smoothie.

Todd: No, it's a smoodie—A mood that you drink.

BoJack: How do you drink a mood?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Like a smoothie.

BoJack: But do you buy it in a store? I mean, what're the physical attributes?

Todd: Look, we haven't worked out all the kinks yet, but the important thing is we've gone public, and we want you to get in on the ground floor.

BoJack: See, that's the problem with all your ideas they don't have ground floors.

    "CUT" 

Woman: Finally, a Halloween store for the rest of—Aah! (thud)

Guy: Hello.

Todd: Anyway, our launch party's tonight, and we'd love it if you came.

Mr. Peanutbutter: We spared no expense that's how confident we are in our product.

BoJack: Your product Smoodies.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yes. Wait, did you say smoodies or smoothies? Because we only make— Which one do we make?

Todd: I'd like to think the smoodies make us.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Ahh, I can tell by your tone that that was something smart.

    (hip-hop music) 
    "SMOODEEZ" 

Girl One: Smoodie keychain?

Girl Two: Smoodie cozy?

Orca: Smoodie bottle opener? It's a mood that you drink like a smoothie.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Todd, it is all happening.

Todd: Hooray. And you know I don't throw that word around lightly.

Mr. Peanutbutter: All right. Now we just got to make sure we focus and actually follow through on this. I'd feel awful if this great idea fell apart because we got distracted by something else, as we are often wont to do.

Todd: Wait, did you say you feel awful or falafel?

Mr. Peanutbutter: I said, "Feel awful," but tell me more about this falafel idea.

Todd: Falafel or fawaffle?

Mr. Peanutbutter: What?

    (dance music) 

Princess Carolyn: BoJack, isn't this exciting? Smoodies, right?

BoJack: Do you even know what a smoodie is?

Princess Carolyn: I think it's some kind of an adult onesie. Whatever it is, I'm trying new things. I'm single again, and I'm loving it. Let me repeat—

Vincent: Princess Carolyn.

Princess Carolyn: Vincent. Well, you've got some nerve showing your face. I've got half a mind to—

Vincent: No, let me talk. I had a attitude problem, but then I took a timeout, and I thought about what I did. I wanted to be a big man. But sometimes the biggest thing a man can do is tell the truth. And the truth about me is, I—I—

BoJack: Okay, here we go.

Vincent: I love you.

BoJack: What?!

Princess Carolyn: Oh, Vincent.

Vincent: Let's go feel grass between our toes.

Woman: What?

Man: All right. You're a better man than I could ever be.

Woman: I wish my boyfriend was that mature.

BoJack: (groans) Hello?

Kelsey: (on the phone) BoJack, it's Kelsey Jannings. I got some news about "Secretariat."

BoJack: What's up?

Kelsey: Garfield's out. He got into some sort of accident.

Andrew Garfield: An All Hallows' Eve store in January? How fiendishly droll. Aah! (thud) Oh, bother.

Kelsey: The clumsy bastard broke every bone in his body, and now we got to find a new lead. Studio wants to go young, but I was thinking we'd get someone a little more BoJack Horseman.

BoJack: What? Are you serious?

Kelsey: You're the only one with enough grit to play the part, and we can age you down in post, but I'm gonna tell you now, not gonna put up with any woe-is-me bullshit or diva histrionics. I get enough of that from my ex-wife along with newspaper clippings about gluten. God, we get it, Marla. Gluten. But if you want to make a movie, and you're ready to work

BoJack: I am. I will. I can. I do.

Kelsey: Great. You got one month to get in shape. You need to lose 50 pounds and then gain back 20. And, BoJack.

BoJack: Yeah?

Kelsey: Don't ever call this number. If I want to talk, I'll call you.

BoJack: Hey.

Diane: Hey.

BoJack: Not big on parties, huh?

Diane: Nah. I never know what to do with my hands.

BoJack: I think I just got cast in Secretariat.

Diane: That's amazing.

BoJack: It's everything I ever wanted.

Diane: Yeah, you seem super-jazzed.

BoJack: What do I do now?

Diane: Well, that's the problem with life, right? Either you know what you want, and you don't get what you want, or get what you want, and then you don't know what you want.

BoJack: Well, that's stupid.

Diane: Yeah. I don't know if this makes you more or less excited, but I actually decided to take a job on the Secretariat movie as a character consultant.

BoJack: Wow, so we're gonna be working together again.

Diane: Yeah. I hope you don't get sick of me.

BoJack: I don't think that's gonna happen.

Diane: Is it weird I took this job?

BoJack: Why would it be weird? You literally wrote the book on Secretariat.

Diane: Yeah, I know. I just—When I first moved to L.A. I thought I was gonna be doing really important work. You know, writing stuff that makes a difference. But then you kind of fall into one thing and then another

BoJack: Well, you've got time. There's always later, right?

Diane: Yeah, I guess there's always later. Do you remember the last time I saw you? You asked me if I thought you were a good person deep down?

BoJack: Do I remember that? Yeah, vaguely.

Diane: You caught me off guard. I didn't know what to say.

BoJack: Well, do you think I'm a good person deep down?

Diane: That's the thing. I don't think I believe in deep down. I kind of think all you are is just the things that you do.

BoJack: Well, that's depressing.

Diane: (laughs)

BoJack: For what it's worth, I think your writing does make a difference.

Diane: Thanks.

BoJack: I really wanted you to like me, Diane.

Diane: I know.

Olivia: Sorry we didn't get you a birthday present. I got so distracted by trying to get tickets to the New Kids On The Block concert, I completely lost sight of what's important.

Ethan: And I got so swept up in my campaign for class president, I forgot why I was running in the first place.

Sabrina: And I was boy crazy.

The Horse: Kids, kids, I don't need a present. I got everything I need right here.

Audience: Aww.

Sabrina: Macaroni.

Ethan: Sabrina.

The Horse: Come here, you goofball.

Kids: Aha. Whoa.

Blake: Can you make it out to Blake?

BoJack: Uh-huh

Blake: Thanks, man. You're, like, my hero.

BoJack: Really? Huh. 

Dick Cavett: This is from BoJack H. BoJack is nine years old. "When I grow up, I want to be like you. I'm on the right track. Get it? Track? Because horses run on tracks and you are a horse. And I am a horse. Do you get it? Do you get my joke about the track?" There's a whole page of this.

Secretariat: Should I write him, tell him I get it?

Dick: He goes on. "My question for you is: I am a good kid and I like to play, and I like to go to school, but sometimes I get sad. What do you do when you get sad? How do you not be sad?"

Beatrice: Oh, big stud, running off to gallivant with your fillies. (plate smashes)

Butterscotch: Is that to impress me? 'Coz I can smash a dinner plate, too.

Beatrice: That's a salad plate, you peasant.

Butterscotch: What? I thought these were salad plates.

Beatrice: Those are saucers!

Butterscotch: Why do we even have saucers? We don't drink tea.

Beatrice: Those saucers are for entertaining!

Butterscotch: Oh, yeah? Well, I'm EXIT-TAINING!! Do you get it???!!!!!

Secretariat: But, uh, seriously, folks. (chuckles) Right?

Beatrice: (groans) Don't sit so close to the TV, it'll make you cruel. You know, I was beautiful before I got pregnant.

BoJack: (9yo) I know.

Beatrice: You ruined me, BoJack.

BoJack: I know.

Beatrice: You better grow up to be something great to make up for all the damage you've done.

BoJack: I will.

Secretariat: —and I just kept running. BoJack—

Beatrice: Okay, enough me being a great mom. I'm gonna go hide your father's heart medication. Enjoy your dumb little TV show.

"Old Dumb Life Brand-New Attitude by Andrew J. Hentz"

Andrew: (on recording) The first thing is, you gotta believe that change is possible. You have to tell yourself every day: "I can change and I will change."

BoJack: "I can change and I will change."

Andrew: "Louder."

BoJack: "I can change and I will change."

Andrew: "Still can't hear you."

BoJack: You're an audio-book.

Andrew: "I've got a brand-new attitude. That's what your face should be saying to everyone you pass on the street. We call that the PANTS approach. P-A-N-T-S. People all need to see."

BoJack: "People all need to see." Yeah, a little to the right. No, house right. That's an acting term. It means left. I'm an actor. (phone ringing, groans) No.

Todd: BoJack, why did I wake up in an alley?

BoJack: I had to get rid of the old couch, Todd.

Todd: While I was sleeping on it?

BoJack: The couch was a metaphor for my old attitude. My audio-book told me I had to let go of the burdens of my life sofa. Oh, you know what? Maybe it was "my life so far."

Todd: I still feel like you could've woken me up first.

BoJack: Todd, no one can wake anybody else up. You need to wake yourself up.

Todd: (sniffs) I don't know if I trust this new guy. I'm just gonna go sleep in your car.

BoJack: Uh-oh. I think someone needs a FAB.

Todd: A FAB?

BoJack: FAB, stands for fresh active BNA.

Todd: BNA?

BoJack: Brand-new attitude. Try to keep up. "ATTITUDE" stands for attention to—

Todd: Did you also get rid of my stuff? Where's my duffel bag?

BoJack: I value you. Hashtag "thank you for being a friend." Hashtag "PANTS." (panting)

Andrew: (on recording) "You got to conquer that hill. The hill is a metaphor. Everything is a metaphor. You are literally a metaphor."

BoJack: Oh, my God. Oh, my God, this is the worst. This feels awful. Why does anybody run?

Man: On your right.

    VIGOR 

Princess Carolyn: (on the phone) And she had no idea that her boyfriend was the strangler. I guess some people just see what they wanna see, right, Vincent?

Vincent: Um—Yeah.

BoJack: Hey, Princess Carolyn.

Princess Carolyn: I gotta go. One of my dumb-ass clients is here.

BoJack: Just out for a jog, thought I'd say "hello." I jog now.

Princess Carolyn: You jogged here from Laurel Canyon?

BoJack: Well, I drove here, but I moved my arm a bunch, so the Fitbit counted the miles.

Stuart: Uh, someone named BoJark Hoseman is here?

Princess Carolyn: Thank you, Stuart.

Stuart: Also, your coffee is coming late. Just like you ordered.

Princess Carolyn: I said "latte."

Stuart: Ah. Well, I wrote down "late," so that's what it's gonna be.

BoJack: What happened to Laura?

Princess Carolyn: Assistants are like Belushi brothers. The good ones leave too soon, and the bad ones never go away.

BoJack: It's a beautiful day, though, right? Every morning is a miracle. Hashtag "miracle." Hashtag "every morning." Hashtag "every morning is a miracle." Hashtag "BoJack thoughts."

Princess Carolyn: Well, I'm glad you found your bliss, BoJack, but are you ready for your first day on set tomorrow?

BoJack: You mean, am I amped? Because I am so pumped.

Princess Carolyn: This Secretariat movie is a big deal. Please do not blow it.

BoJack: Why would I blow it? I have a brand-new attitude. You know, when I won that Golden Globe last month, I went to a very dark place. I was in a hole. And I realized, "I can wallow in this hole or I can change." and while I was tempted to go with the former, sometimes the only way out of a hole is a latter. No pun intended.

Princess Carolyn: You clearly intended that pun.

BoJack: Princess Carolyn, you gotta believe in the AHP of TPE. Huh.

Princess Carolyn: Uh-uh. I'm not asking.

BoJack: The awesome healing power—

Princess Carolyn: I am not asking.

BoJack: —of total positive energy.

Princess Carolyn: Yeah, You should leave because I'm about to pretend to get a phone call. Hello? (chuckles) No, he's still here. No, he's not taking the hint somehow.

BoJack: Mm-hm.

    PB's House 

Mr. Peanutbutter: Honey, where's my bandanna?

Diane: You chewed it up, we had to throw it away, remember?

Mr. Peanutbutter: No, not that one. The one with the bones on it. With the meat juice stains? The one I wore to The Emmys.

Diane: I don't know. I gotta go. BoJack's gonna be here any minute. Did you check the hall closet?

Mr. Peanutbutter: I can't see anything in this stupid thing.

Diane: I know, Mr.Peanutbutter. But the doctor says you gotta keep it on for one more week.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I look like an idiot.

Diane: You look very responsible.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Is the bandanna doing anything?

(doorbell rings)

BoJack: Heya, work buddy, first day on the job, huh? Hashtag "great day to start fresh at a new job, sincerely, BoJack." At Diane.

Diane: Still can't believe you wanted to carpool.

BoJack: Gotta save the planet, Diane.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, is that BoJack Horseman? I really don't know because I have no peripheral vision. Going off of smell here folks.

BoJack: Mr. Peanutbutter, how the hell are you?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Loving it, buddy. Loving life.

BoJack: Brother, I am right there with you. I got a brand-new attitude and I am also loving life.

Diane: Uh—

Mr. Peanutbutter: Diane, look at us. A couple life-lovers over here.

Diane: Uh—

BoJack: Is that a new cone? Looking sharp, PB.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, it is a new cone. Is it really obvious I'm wearing a cone?

BoJack: Didn't even notice. Because you've got the smile of a winner.

Diane: What's going on here?

Mr. Peanutbutter: I have to wear the cone so I don't gnaw on the stitches I had to get when I punched a mirror last week. I got drunk and thought my reflection was another dog. (laughs) I was so mad at that other dog. He was wearing my clothes.

BoJack: Hey, we've all been there.

Diane: I don't understand what's happening.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Did someone says something to the left of me? Diane, sweetheart, is that you?

BoJack: Hey, why don't we just us two schedj a hang for this 'kend? "'Kend" is how I say weekend now.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh, I love that. And I got a pair of tix to the 'Stones show this 'kend. Wanna go?

BoJack: The Rolling Stones?

Mr. Peanutbutter: What? Oh, no, no, no. The Mighty Mighty Bosstones.

BoJack: You know, I'm not really familiar with that outfit, but I do love trying new things.

Diane: Who are you?

BoJack: Anyway, we gotta get to work. It was really great talking to you, Mr.Peanutbutter.

Mr. Peanutbutter: All right, break a leg, good buddy. Diane, BoJack's ready to go. Where are you, sweetheart? Are you ready?

    BH's car 

Andrew: (on recording) "The house is a metaphor for a home. Happiness is a metaphor for change."

BoJack: Happiness is a metaphor—

Todd: Where are we going?

Diane: Oh, my God.

Lenny: BoJack, this is Corduroy Jackson-Jackson, your costar.

Corduroy Jackson-Jackson: Hey, man.

BoJack: Corduroy Jackson-Jackson. Oh, right, the underwear guy.

Corduroy: Underwear model/actor/dancer/dreamer. Also, you know, I'm a huge fan. I'm so excited/amped/pumped to be working with you. (chuckles) Yeah.

BoJack: Hey, man, that's fantastic/great/I-ran-out-of-things.

Diane: Hi. Kelsey Jannings?

Kelsey: That depends. Are you my ex-wife's lawyer?

Diane: I'm Diane. I'm here to be a character consultant.

Kelsey: What?

Diane: I got a call from the studio, they said—

Kelsey: Okay. Why don't you stand over there and make sure no one trips over that cable?

Diane: This cable?

Kelsey: Do you have a thousand dollars for me?

Diane: What?

Kelsey: Because each minute I spend talking to you, that's how much money I'm wasting.

Diane: Oh. Sorry.

Kelsey: Hey, who's this guy? Who lets this guy in?

Todd: I just er—

Kelsey: He's got a funny face. I like your face guy.

Todd: Thank you.

Kelsey: What a cute funny face. You wanna cookie?

Todd: Err—okay.

Kelsey: Can someone get this guy a cookie?! He's got a very soothing face and I like looking at it. it's Like a Matisse painting.

Todd: Whoa.

BoJack: Guys, could I get everyone's attention, please?

Diane: Oh, watch out for the cable. Don't trip over the cable.

BoJack: I just want everyone to know what an honor it is to be here. Secretariat has always been a personal hero of mine. It's a complex role that requires a precise touch and a deft hand and I just can't wait to tackle it head-on. It's truly an honor. Namaste.

Kelsey: Neat. So, in this scene, Secretariat's at his lowest. He just lost his first race, his father was sent to the glue factory. It's a dark moment.

BoJack: You got it.

Debra: Scene 22 alpha, take one.

BoJack: (inhales, then exhales)

Kelsey: Action!

Corduroy: "Hey, Secretariat."

BoJack: (campy, upbeat) "What are you doing here?" (chuckles, mumbles, then chuckles)

Kelsey: (groans)

Lenny: Ugh— (phone buzzing)

Diane: Hello?

Sebastian: Diane! I can't tell you how disappointed I am you're not here with me in Northern Cordovia. I'm incredibly disappointed. Boo! I didn't think I could do it, but I did it. I'm amazing!

Diane: Sebastian, I know you're doing important work. But I couldn't just drop everything and fly to the Third World. I just got married, and—

Sebastian: Diane. People are dying, and I'm witnessing it. And I need people to witness me witnessing it.

Diane: I know, and I'll be there in three months, as soon as I'm done on the movie. This is also important. In a way.

Sebastian: Well, lucky for you, there'll still be just as much famine and war and devastation in three months.

Man: I'm not dead yet.

Diane: Yep. Lucky me.

Man: We're still rolling, people.

Kelsey: So, BoJack, in this scene, Secretariat is sad, right? He's afraid he's gonna lose his scholarship.

BoJack: Oh, sure. Yeah, sad. Of course. Duh. (chuckles)

Kelsey: Okay, here we go. Action.

Corduroy: "Hey, Secretariat."

BoJack: (campy) "What are you doing here?" That was bad. I know that was bad. Let's keep it rolling.

Kelsey: I'll say when to keep rolling.

BoJack: Okay. "What are you doing here?" Did we get it? I can tell by your face that we didn't get it. All right, let me try again. "What are you doing—?" I'm sorry I am having trouble with the words. Is it okay if I play around with it a little bit? "When did you get here?" Sorry, no. Got it. Got it. Got it. Man, these lights are bright, huh? Can we kill these lights at all? Is that a—?

Kelsey: No.

BoJack: Okay, I'm sad. I'm sad. Acting sad. Secretariat is sad. Okay, here we go. I'm sad! Sorry, what was the line?

Diane: I don't know if this helps or not, but when Secretariat was a kid—he actually—

Debra: (trips over the cable) Aah! My face!!

Man One: Hey, hey.

Man Two: Whoa, whoa!

Debra: Oh, my God.

Man Three: Watch out!

Man Four: Hey.

Man Five: (gasps)

Man Six: Whoa, whoa!

Debra: Oh, my God. My face! My beautiful face! Why didn't someone tell me not to trip over that cable?! It was such an important job, but no one was there to do it and now my face is in ruins!!

Kelsey: Okay, we're gonna need a couple of days to rebuild this set. So, let's all just use this time to regroup and really figure out what we're doing and why we're here.

    FLASHBACK (audience laughing) 

The Horse: So, let me get this straight. "Bad" means "good"?

Olivia: Maybe you should leave the teen-talk to me. Jeezy Kableezy.

(audience laughing)

    LATER 

Beatrice: Well, it wasn't Ibsen.

BoJack: That's your takeaway? That your son's TV show wasn't Ibsen?

Beatrice: I'm sorry. Did you need a compliment?

BoJack: That's—

Beatrice: Oh, I loved the part where you got your head caught in the banister.

BoJack: Yeah it's—

Beatrice: And what's this letter I have? It's from the government saying, "I'm proud of you."

BoJack: Are you—?

Beatrice: Oh, no, what actually I'm holding is nothing.

BoJack: Excuse me, can you check on our drinks? I would love some gin right now.

Beatrice: I wouldn't drink anything out of an open container. This town is full of AIDS.

BoJack: Well, that's not—

Beatrice: You're a clown, you know that?

BoJack: And you've always been a pillar of support. Gin, please? Is there gin coming?

Beatrice: I'm here, aren't I? I suffered through that ordeal. You know, the man sitting next to me was wearing a T-shirt? A T-shirt, BoJack, in the theater!

BoJack: Yes, a T-shirt. That is the worst thing that's ever happened to anyone in a theater.

Beatrice: The T-shirt told me to "just do it."

BoJack: Here we go.

Beatrice: I don't know to what "it" the T-shirt referred but I will not be spoken to in that tone by an article of clothing.

BoJack: Vodka? Triple sec? Looking for any alcohol.

Beatrice: You don't know how lucky you are to have me. I hope you die before I do so you never have to know what it's like to lose a mother.

BoJack: well, as long as one of us dies, that's good enough for me. Can we please get some alcohol into my mouth?!

    NOW, BoJack's car 

Andrew: (on recording) "The past is past. That's why it's called 'the past.' Tomorrow is an opportunity. You can be big and proud and bang on your tom-tom drum or you can get in your boat and row. Tom or row. Tomorrow."

Diane: Hey, do you wanna talk?

BoJack: Talk? Why? Why would we do that? So you can put everything we talk about in a book and sell a million copies?

Diane: Wow. Uh—

BoJack: Sorry, that's what the old me would have said. The new me doesn't hold a grudge. (phone rings) No.

Diane: I gotta say, the new you seems a little on edge.

BoJack: What? Me? I'm as cool as The Fonz in a meat locker. That's a metaphor, Diane.

Diane: Actually, it's a simile.

BoJack: Goddamn it. (phone rings, it's PC) Oh, okay. Hello?

Princess Carolyn: (in VIGOR) Hey, small talk, small talk, small talk. Are you blowing it? I heard you're blowing it.

BoJack: What? Who told you that? Was it Todd? Todd!

Todd: Huh?

Princess Carolyn: You gotta turn this ship around, BoJ. If you don't— Hey, can you hold on a second sweetheart? I'm getting another call.

BoJack: Wha'?

Princess Carolyn: Well, if it isn't my friend, Rutabaga, the boy prince of the 26th floor.

Rutabaga: Carolyn. How are things all the way up on 27? Stomp once for good, twice for killing it.

Princess Carolyn: (does it twice)

Rutabaga: Killing. Give me some gossip. My wife is making me go to the opera tonight and I need something to distract me from the thought of a bunch of D-bags singing songs in German about their boners.

Princess Carolyn: Okay, you gotta keep this close to the vest but I am inches from getting Emily VanCamp the lead in Goose Van Sant's new movie about Jackie O.

Rutabaga: My clients would've lo-huh I-ip if I got them parts like that. You're seriously killing it in the department of kicking ass in regards to you being an agent and being good at it, {vis-a-vis} crushing it.

Princess Carolyn: You're not so bad yourself, Rutabaga, for a 26er.

Rutabaga: You're the only one in this building who isn't a total snooze-cooze. Yes, Natasha, I'm talking about you. I know you're listening. Ugh. I gotta go. I made Natasha cry.

Princess Carolyn: (chuckles)

    BH's car 

BoJack: Yeah, I don't think she's coming back this call.

Todd: Could we keep it down in the front, please? Thank you.

BoJack: What am I gonna do?

Diane: Well, you were an actor for nine years on Horsin' Around. How did you do that?

BoJack: Uh

    1988 FLASHBACK 

BoJack: Hey, Herb, can I talk to you for a minute?

Herb: Of course, buddy. I always have time for you, my good friend BoJack in this, the year 1988. Have a seat. Hey, enough with the stomping already!

BoJack: Am I— Am I a clown?

Herb: Oh, brother. Didn't I tell you not to invite your mom to the taping? As Max Headroom would say, "Your m-m-mom is a b-b-bitch."

BoJack: But I am a good actor, right?

Herb: BJ, I don't know. Look— You know what you're good at? Hitting your mark, saying your lines, loudly with good diction.

BoJack: But should I be doing more? To capture the character and make the audience connect to its feelings?

Herb: This is a situation comedy. No one watches this show to feel feelings. Life is depressing enough already. You bring joy to millions of people. Maybe someday later, you'll need to learn how to act for real. But for now, don't worry about it. (chuckles)

    NOW, BH's car 

BoJack: Oh, shit. I'm not an actor. All this time, I assumed there was more to me than everyone thought but maybe there isn't. (PAUSE) That's the part where you're supposed to disagree with me.

Diane: Oh, right. Well, you got the part, didn't you? What did you do in the audition?

BoJack: Well, how should I know? That was the old me. Now I've got a brand-new attitude. Oh, God. Okay. Okay. What should I do? Make a break for it? Drive to Mexico? Start a new life there? Meet a local girl? Fall in love? Talk my way into a job at a textile plant? Gradually work my way up until I own the place? No! What am I talking about? I can't run a textile plant, that's way too much responsibility. Oh, What am I gonna do? The walls are closing in!

Diane: BoJack, breathe. You can do this. You have two days. Maybe you could hire an acting coach.

BoJack: Yeah?

Diane: Yeah. Plus, you can watch old Secretariat videos. I've got a hard drive full of research.

BoJack: Yeah. Yeah, you're right. You're right. I can do this. I've got two whole days. And when the pressure's on, that's when I shine. Yeah. Two days. I can do all those things.

    TWO DAYS LATER... BH's car 

BoJack: Oh, shit. I didn't do any of those things.

What are you doing here?

Kelsey: Ah! That was it. Say that again.

BoJack: (campy) "What are you doing here?"

Kelsey: Okay.

BoJack: No?

Lenny: BoJack, before we get started I wanted to show you this.

BoJack: What is this?

Lenny: This is the machine that's gonna make you a good actor.

BoJack: Really?

Lenny: No dummy. We just need to make a scan of your face so that if you die, we can finish the movie without you.

BoJack: what?

Lenny: Standard procedure these days. When a star is assessed to be of certain liability, like say if there was a whole book written about what a reckless jackass he is, you make a digital replica of his head, so you're not screwed if he goes all Belushi on you.

BoJack: Wait, which Belushi?

Man: Hold still, please. (whirring) Terrific. We got it.

Lenny: You know, one day, that's gonna be the actor's whole job — just sit in a room for five seconds while a machine scans his face and then six months later, plugging a movie on Kimmel.

BoJack: I gotta go on Kimmel now too? What if he makes me read a mean tweet? I'm not emotionally prepared for that.

Lenny: Don't worry so much. If you can't do this part we'll just fire you and get someone else who can. Either way, I'll be fine.

BoJack: (groans)

Kelsey: What do you need, BoJack?

BoJack: I don't know. I thought I wanted this, but now I'm feeling all this pressure. Do you think you made a mistake, hiring me?

Kelsey: I don't make mistakes, BoJack. I do the crossword in Sharpie, and I never learned the shortcut for undo.

BoJack: It's Command-Z.

Kelsey: Don't need it, won't use it.

BoJack: I'm trying to have this brand-new attitude, you know, be this better, more positive guy, but I just keep thinking about how this movie is my last shot at happiness.

Kelsey: Well, BoJack, I hope this helps: I don't care if you are happy or not. You have a job to do. (Todd enters) This guy again? I'm in love with this kid. I wanna put you in my pocket. You're adorable.

Todd: Aw.

    CUT, "Debra's Face" (man sobbing) 

Lenny: Hey, Diane, you're a writer, aren't you?

Diane: Yes. Yes. I am a writer. What do you need?

Lenny: Can you write on a sign "watch out for cable"? I know you were telling people that, but it's a really important job and a sign is less likely to get distracted.

Diane: Oh. Yeah. Okay.

BoJack: "What are you doing here?" "What are you doing here?" "What are you doing here?" What are you doing here?

Mr. Peanutbutter: So, I went a little overboard and I made you two mixes. The first CD is all Mighty Mighty. The second CD is all of the Bosstones' side projects and solo singles. so you can Listen to it and imagine the band never took that hiatus in the mid-aughts when America briefly lost interest in ska.

BoJack: What?! I don't have time for this. I don't wanna listen to your music. I don't wanna hang out. Get the hell out of here.

Mr. Peanutbutter: All right. You don't wanna listen to Bosstones together. That's the impression that I get. Is it the impression that I get, tho'?

BoJack: Yes. That's the impression that you get.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I see. Way to go, Mr.Peanutbutter. What a stupid move. Why did you- -?

Todd: BoJack, listen, I know you're scared, but it's gonna be okay. You gotta be strong.

BoJack: Yeah, but—

Todd: You gotta rise to the occasion, okay? So what if the new couch is weird? Or lumpy?

BoJack: Uh, what?

Todd: What are you gonna do? Just sleep in BoJack's car forever?

BoJack: Are you talking to me, or you—?

Todd: Damn it, time to stop being a coward. It's time to go home and sleep on BoJack's couch. Hurray! Happy ending for Todd!

    VIGOR 


Princess Carolyn: Charley. Listen, I wanted to touch base about Emily's start date on Jackie O.

Charley: Oh, yeah. Uh Well, we got some new screen tests and, uh, Goose decided to go in a different direction.

Princess Carolyn: Are you saying the Van Sant camp wants to recant on VanCamp? Because they can't.

Charley: Uh

Princess Carolyn: Charley, you better get your client to change his mind or I'll walk up to the 28th floor and —

Charley: Just kidding. I can't get to the phone right now.

Princess Carolyn: What?

Charley: This is one of those answering machines that sounds like it's Charley talking but it's actually just an answering machine.

Princess Carolyn: I know you're there, Charley.

Charley: Leave a message.

Princess Carolyn: I'm not gonna leave a message.

Charley: Beep.

Princess Carolyn: Hey, Charley, Princess Carolyn again. Listen—

Charley: Mailbox is full.

Princess Carolyn: What? Mailbox full?

Charley: Error. Message deleted.

Princess Carolyn: Wait— No—

Charley: Gotta go. Bye.

Rutabaga: Carolyn.

Princess Carolyn: Rutabaga, this is not a good time.

Rutabaga: Okay. Can I please just tell you about the opera, though?

Princess Carolyn: How did you like the opera?

Rutabaga: I loved it. Loved Tristan, loved Isolde, cried like a bunny. Listen, my brain has been a-buzzing for the past few days thinking about that Jackie O movie. I know it's your baby, but I did make a few calls and got my Rooney a screen test.

Princess Carolyn: I put that movie together for my client.

Rutabaga: No, no, no, don't freak out. It's just a screen test. But, honestly, how fantaj would my Rooney be as a young Jackie Bouv? Stomp once for so fantaj, twice for stupid-fantaj. Carolyn? I only heard one stomp. Oh. Carolyn, I heart you. You're beautiful. I wish I met you before I got married.

Princess Carolyn: —

Andrew: (on recording) "You can do it. Only you hold the keys to the house that is you. The house is at the top of a hill. The hill is also you."

P.A.: Five minutes, Mr.Horseman.

Andrew: "When you get your brand new attitude, you're gonna wave goodbye to the old— "

BoJack: What do you want, Mom?

Beatrice: Look who finally decided to pick up the phone.

BoJack: Do you need more blood?

Beatrice: I don't need blood. I read your book, BoJack.

BoJack: Oh.

Beatrice: It takes a real narcissist to think anyone wants to buy a book about him. You know how I feel about Anne Frank.

BoJack: That was a diary.

Beatrice: I read the parts about me. The things I said to you. You must think I'm a real monster.

BoJack: Mom—

Beatrice: I don't wanna fight you, BoJack. I just wanted to tell you I know. I know you wanna be happy, but you won't be, and — I'm sorry.

BoJack: What?

Beatrice: It's not just you, you know. Your father and I, we—Well, you come by it honestly, the ugliness inside you. You were born broken, that's your birthright. And now you can fill your life with projects—your books and your movies and your little girlfriends but—it won't make you whole. You're BoJack Horseman. There's no cure for that. Anyway, do you remember who directed The Philadelphia Story? Five letters, second letter U?

BoJack: Lubitsch?

Beatrice: No, BoJack. Goodbye.

Andrew: "You need to visualize it flying out the window, over the—"

BoJack: "What are you doing here?"

Kelsey: Great. We got it. Let's move on.

BoJack: So, at the end of the day, I'm just a regular guy trying to live a regular life.

Date One: Remember that time you peed in Drew Barrymore's car?

BoJack: Uh, yes, I remember that. Why do you remember that?

Date Two: It was in your book. You should do that to someone here.

BoJack: What?! No.

Date Three: Well, anyway, I can't believe I'm on a date with BoJack Horseman. I feel like that anonymous girl from Chapter 8 of your book mixed with the pluck and determination of that anonymous girl from Chapter 12 of your book.

BoJack: We don't need to dwell on the past.

Date Four: Wait, shut up. Is this the restaurant you bought when you were trying to show up Mr. Peanutbutter?

BoJack: Uh—No.

Date Five: Hey, this table's a little wobbly. You want to yell at the waiter and make a scene?

BoJack: No, I don't need—

Date Six: Come on, do that BoJack thing where you make a big deal and everyone laughs, but at the same time we relate, because you're saying the things polite society won't.

BoJack: That's not—Ugh—

Waiter: Is everything all right over here?

BoJack: No, everything is not all right. This table's been wobbling all evening. If I wanted to flop around and get seasick for an hour, I'd call your mother. (to a woman) Something in that area or?

Date Six: Take me home now and don't let me get out of bed until I turn horse-colored.

    BoJack's House 

BoJack: What are you doing?

Woman: Did you want me to stay?

BoJack: No, I wanted you to leave more quietly. Some of us here are trying to—

(Together, in unison) BoJack: forget you exist. Woman: "Forget you exist."

Woman: Classic BoJack. Love it. Oh, my God, are you Todd?

Todd: Uh, yes.

Woman: "Shut up, Todd!" (laughs)

Todd: Aw, okay.

BoJack: Hey, Todd, can you drive me to get my car?

Todd: Err—

BoJack: I wanted to be responsible last night, so I Ubered home and left my car in the fountain.

Todd: Sorry, BoJack. I gotta get ready for my grand opening. It's finally happening. My Disneyland.

BoJack: I realize that by saying "what" I might set off a chain of events whereby we continue this conversation, but what?!

Todd: Well, remember when I first moved in and I kept asking if we could go to Disneyland together?

BoJack: I do not.

Todd: And then you said that there was no Disneyland.

BoJack: No.

Todd: That Disneyland was a made-up lie, like the tooth fairy, that parents use to get their kids to behave.

BoJack: Oh, yeah, that shut you up.

Todd: Sure did. But then I thought: "Why isn't there a Disneyland? People would love it!" So, I took matters into my own hands, and over the last five years, I built my own Disneyland.

BoJack: You've been doing this for five years? How have you never mentioned it before?

    FLASHBACK 

Todd: Well, I bought that cheap plot of non-arable dirt by the toxic waste dump up the hill from the old fire station.

BoJack: Okay, Todd.

Todd: I'm gonna build a Disneyland.

BoJack: Sounds great, champ.

BoJack: (to Diane) —and if it wasn't for that, she never would've gotten sober.

Todd: Well, just finished drawing up blueprints for that Disneyland I'm building.

BoJack: Kind of busy here, Todd. (to Diane) So, it turned out to be a good thing I peed in her car.

Todd: Sorry for all the noise. Got this crew of worker bees to help me build my Disneyland.

BoJack: Okay, I get it. You are building your own Disneyland.

    NOW 

BoJack: Literally the first I'm hearing of this.

Todd: Well, anyway, tomorrow we open the gates. Finally, people will have a place to go after they win the Super Bowl.

BoJack: Okay, but you do know that there already is a Disneyland?

Todd: Yeah, I built it.

BoJack: No, I mean the real Disneyland.

Todd: You mean, the one in the hearts and minds of children everywhere?

BoJack: The one in Anaheim!

Todd: I think we're saying the same thing.

BoJack: Are we?

    HOSPITAL 

Doc: Well, I think it's safe to take the cone off. I can do it for a small co-pay.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Can't say I'll miss it, but we did have some crazy adventures together these last few weeks. Honey, would you rub my chin for me so I can remember things?

Diane: Oh, um, okay. Uh

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yeah, memories. Hey, where should we go for my first meal after the operation?

Diane: It's not an operation, but we could go to Storky's again.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, yeah! We're finally due for our free sub. "Storky's, where your 81st sandwich is free."

Diane: We've been there 80 times? It just opened last month.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yeah, but you love it, so whenever you suggest it, I always say yes.

Diane: Yeah, but 80 times?

Doc: Well, that'll be $6,000.

Diane: Ew--

Doc: Good thing you're getting a free sandwich, huh?

    BELLICAN'S 

BoJack: What the? —Huh? Okay, you guys. You vultures are killing me!

Vulture: I'm sure he's talking about other vultures.

    San FURNANDO Valley Skate 

BoJack: Ah, the Valley. Because sometimes you wanna go where no one knows your name.

Pinky Penguin: BoJack Horseman!

BoJack: Pinky? Hey, how are you?

Pinky: Oh, great!

BoJack: How's the book biz?

Pinky: Who knows? I jumped off that burning ship. Print media? What a joke. Now I got a job in broadcast network television, a booming industry with nowhere to go but up. Oh, God.

BoJack: What are you doing here?

Pinky: Oh, my boss loves this place. Do you know Wanda Pierce? Wanda just got named head of programming at MBN. We're here to celebrate. Well, that and she just woke up from a 30-year coma.

BoJack: Wait, she just got out of a 30-year coma and she's the head of programming at a major broadcast network?

Pinky: Well, she's been with the company 30 years. Everyone above her kept getting fired. Besides, she's got some really fresh ideas.

    FLASHBACKS 

Wanda Pierce: I am really feeling The Kirk Cameron Show. I don't even need a pilot. Let's just order 22 episodes. (applause)

Wanda: How about a new show where celebrities try to guess whether or not people have talent? We'll air it three nights a week. (applause)

Wanda: Okay, what if we got relevant superstar David Copperfield to make the World Trade Center disappear?

Pinky: Oh, I hate to be the one to tell you this, but David Copperfield really isn't a big draw anymore.

    NOW 

Pinky: Actually, everything feels fresh if you just forget the last 30 years ever happened.

BoJack: Huh.

D.J.: And here's a special request. I've never even heard of this song,"Special Feeling."

Pinky: Wanda, meet the one and only BoJack Horseman.

Wanda: Who?

BoJack: BoJack.

Wanda: Who?

BoJack: BoJack Horseman.

Wanda: Is that name supposed to mean something to me? Do you want to go skate?

BoJack: Nah. You know what they say, you can lead a horse to roller, but you can't make him rink.

Wanda: (laughs)

Pinky: What?

Wanda: That's really funny. You're funny.

BoJack: Really?

Wanda: Oh, my God. You should be on TV, which, holy shit, they're flat now.

BoJack: Actually, I was on. You know what, I'm sick of talking about me. Let's talk about you.

    LATER 

Wanda: Next thing I know, I'm waking up from a 30-year coma. So, now I'm sleeping on my sister's couch, but it's not ideal. She's molting. You know how sisters are.

BoJack: Oh, jeez, got a couple of curly guys in here with the regulars. How hard is it to look before they bring it out? Excuse me, miss?!

Wanda: I know, isn't it cool? Like we're getting away with something.

BoJack: What?

Wanda: Don't you love it when appetizers have a little crossover episode? It's like when you're watching Happy Days and Mork shows up.

BoJack: Oh, yeah, I guess. Or like when Kramer was on Murphy Brown.

Wanda: Who?

BoJack: Hey, you want to get out of here?

    BoJack's House 

Wanda: I don't want MBN to just be another boring old network, you know what I mean?

BoJack: Yes, totally.

Wanda: I want to take risks. I want to swing for the fences, you know? Otherwise, what are we doing?

BoJack: Oh, my God, is it morning? We stayed up all night talking, and we didn't even have sex.

Wanda: Well, it's not too late.

BoJack: Oh!

    Title Card: "A perfectly normal amount of time later for somebody BoJack's age" 

Wanda: That was fantastic.

BoJack: Oh, yes.

Wanda: Of course, I haven't had sex in 30 years. (Pause) I hope.

BoJack: Something's wrong.

Wanda: What is it?

BoJack: I don't know, I feel weird, like I want to spend more time with you even though I know we just had sex.

Wanda: Oh, okay.

BoJack: No, you don't understand. We already had sex, but I still want to spend time with you. Is that normal? Am I normal? What is happening to me?

Wanda: it's okay, We can spend more time together.

BoJack: I want to— do things with you. Fully clothed, sober, in daylight hours.

Wanda: Okay.

BoJack: I don't understand these feelings. Let's get food? Or walk in a park? Or—Oh, God, it's coming. I can't stop it. Do you want to go to Disneyland?

Wanda: Okay.

    Disneyland 

Wanda: Disneyland has a lot more sparking wires and loose nails than I remember.

Todd: Please hold your questions until the end of the tour. Here we have Mr. Todd's Wild Death-Coaster. The name is a work in progress, but we wanted to work "death" into the title for liability reasons. And this is Gabe Jr., the Grease Fire of the Caribbean.

Vincent Adultman: This is boring. I want to go home.

Princess Carolyn: Vincent, be nice! He's a little cranky because he just got adult braces.

BoJack: You mean, braces.

Vincent: Princess Carolyn, stop embarrassing me!

Princess Carolyn: Ugh.

Todd: And here we have Cinderella's magical pile of used mattresses.

Kid: Help!

Diane: Is it a good idea to keep all those mattresses so close to an active grease fire?

Todd: Where's your sense of wonder, Diane?

Wanda: Wow, your friend is really negative.

BoJack: Yeah, don't be so negative, Diane.

Diane: What?

BoJack: You know I hate negativity. I mean, I don't hate it because that's also negative, but you know.

Todd: Hey, Mr.Peanutbutter.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, buddy. This place is amazing. It's like some sort of Disney version of Knott's Berry Farm.

Todd: Oh, that's exactly what I was going for!

Mr. Peanutbutter: I can't wait to get involved and really spray the old Mr. Peanutbutter scent on everything.

Todd: Uh, I was sort of thinking of this as kind of—just my thing.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, technically, you did build this while working for P.B. Livin, so I have the blah-blah-blah of first refusal or whatever.

Todd: Oh, uh, okay.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I mean, that's just good business. We're in this together now Todd, and nothing will distract me from—Erica! You can't be here. This place is filled with children.

    SET 

Man: "Coach said he saw you headed to the visitor's locker room with a steel pipe in your hand."

BoJack: "You really think I'm the guy who busted that pinto's leg? 'Cause if I am, you should be a lot more goddamn scared of me." — Hey! My girlfriend's here. Look, everyone! I have a girlfriend!

Kelsey: Sure. We'll cut there. The middle of your line is as good a place as any.

BoJack: What are you doing here?

Wanda: Just wanted to stop by. We're filming "Hey, I Think You Can Dance!" on the stage next door.

BoJack: Well, look at you, all professional. Like Natalie Portman in that movie where she was a professional.

Wanda: Who? People are watching.

Diane: Ugh. Of course, the first time BoJack dates a woman his own age, she's basically just a stunted 20-year-old.

Kelsey: Well, BoJack's stunted, too. He got famous in his twenties, so he'll be in his twenties forever. After you get famous, you stop growing, you don't have to. Every celebrity has an age of stagnation.

Diane: I'm glad I never got famous. I mean, I did write a best-selling book, but I'm not famous-famous.

Kelsey: Oh, it doesn't just happen when you get famous. Your age of stagnation is when you stop growing. For most people, it's when they get married, settle into a routine. You meet someone who loves you unconditionally and never challenges you or wants you to change, and then you never change.

Diane: But mostly it's just the famous people, right?

Man: Stella! Stella! Corona Light.

Wanda: This place is incredible.

BoJack: I wanted to make you feel at home, and nothing was bigger in the '80s than '50s nostalgia.

Wanda: It really feels like I'm back in the '80s, feeling like I'm back in the '50s. It's like if Back to the Future and Peggy Sue Got Married got married.

D.J.: Okay, teenyboppers, let's take things back to the '50s, '50s style, with this classic '50s hit that everybody remembers: "I Just Met My Perfect Match."

BoJack: Wanda, these last few days have been so amazing. You've given me a fresh start. In fact, it almost feels like I just woke up from a 30-year coma.

Alex: I'm sorry, did you say you just woke up from a thirty-year coma?

BoJack: Oh, no, not me. Her.

Alex: That's insane. I just woke up from a thirty-year coma.

D.J.: Whoa! Sorry about that needle skip, folks. Let's start that song again from the beginning.

Alex: I'm Alex.

Wanda: Wanda.

BoJack: And I'm BoJack.

Alex: You know, it's been really tough for me these last few weeks. I've never seen Home Alone and everyone makes me feel like a freak because of it.

BoJack: You've never seen Home Alone?

Wanda: I've never seen Home Alone! Also, I don't really know what a DVR is.

Alex: Neither do I!

BoJack: No one does. It's just a magic box.

Alex: Wanda, we have so much in common.

BoJack: Really it's just one thing. You can't count each individual thing as a different thing you have in common. That's like saying I have a lot in common with Kanye West because we both breathe air constantly.

Wanda & Alex: (Together, in unison) Who? Jinx. Buy me a Coke Zero. What's a Coke Zero? I have no idea.

Alex: We gotta hang out more. I didn't know there was anyone else like me.

Wanda: Give me your fax and pager number so I can add them to my Rolodex.

Alex: Tubular.

    BoJack's car 

BoJack: I don't trust that guy. I bet he's seen Home Alone.

Wanda: BoJack, I'm starting to lose the thread of your character. You think you can drop the jealous boyfriend routine? It feels a little done.

BoJack: You're right, I'm sorry. Call me Snoop Dogg because I will drop it like it's hot.

Wanda: BoJack, I don't— Oh, I got that one! Snoopy the dog. From "Peanuts." Okay.

    ALEX's House 

Princess Carolyn: Oh, I got here as fast as I could. Where's this next Haley Joel Osment you were telling me about?

BoJack: Oh, that was a lie to get you here.

Princess Carolyn: Aw, fish. There's never a next Haley Joel Osment.

BoJack: And there never will be. Sorry, I tricked you, but with Todd running his own Disneyland and character actress Margo Martindale in prison for some reason I don't remember, you're the best friend I've got right now. Now grab the binoculars. I need dirt on Wanda's new gentleman friend.

Princess Carolyn: No, BoJack. What's the play here? You'll find one little imperfection and harp on it forever like you do with my boyfriend?

BoJack: but You do understand what my "thing" is with your boyfriend, right?

Princess Carolyn: You're just gonna push her into this other guy's arms. Wanda likes you. Why ruin that?

Alex: This is Comrade Alexander calling KGB High Command. It's been two weeks since I woke up from deep sleep, and I still have not been contacted by my handlers. I am awaiting orders to take down the American dogs and pigs and other various animals and humans. Come in, KGB High Command.

BoJack: Slap my salami, the guy's a commie.

    Disneyland 

Todd: Hey, what's going on here?

Lawer: You've been served with a cease-and-desist from my clients, the Walt Disney Company.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I wanted to make sure what we were doing here was hundred percent legal, so I called a lawyer.

Todd: Wait, what?!

Mr. Peanutbutter: As it turns out, it's not legal at all. Who knew?

Todd: Mr. Peanutbutter.

Lawer: We'll see you in court.

Todd: The food court?

Lawer: No. Regular court.

Todd: Okay. But also I'm hungry, so I might just stop by the food court first.


    COURT 

Judge: Let the record show, this is the single dumbest case I've ever adjudicated. Mr.Chavez?

Todd: Okay. Well, I'm just gonna throw this out there. Is it possible maybe when the other guys tried to copyright the name Disneyland, they wrote down something else by mistake, so "Disneyland" is still up for grabs?

LawYer: Okay, well, let's have a look at the Articles of Incorporation to see if Walt Disney accidentally trademarked the wrong name. I'm sure these—

Todd: What?

Lawer: There's a typo. Di-isneyland. With two "i"s. That son of a gun trademarked the wrong name.

Judge: May I, counselor? D-I-I-S. This is unambiguous. I find in favor of the defendant.

Todd: Aw, shit.

Judge: You're the defendant.

Todd: Aw, sweet!

LawYer: Your Otter, this is a gross miscarriage of justice.

Todd: Hooray! Gross miscarriage!

    PARTY 

Todd: And that's how I turned my dream into what I call"The Happiest Place On Urf." Urf is a made-up magical kingdom I added to the Disney canon.

Alex: Americans, they like this theme park?

Todd: Oh, they love it. It represents everything America stands for.

Alex: Da. I mean, yeah.

Mr. Peanutbutter: We did it, buddy!

Todd: Actually, I did it. I had the idea to build a park, I did all the work and I beat the lawsuit.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, there's no "i" in "team," right?

Todd: But there is an "i" in "Disneyland." And unlike that other Disneyland, this Disneyland only has one "i".

Mr. Peanutbutter: What are you saying?

Todd: You're not welcome at my theme park anymore. There's only room for one goofy dog there and his name is Pluto.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Todd, no.

Todd: I've told the bees if they see you to sting you on sight. You understand. It's nothing personal. It's just good business. And that's how we do business on Urf.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I don't like you like this.

Todd: I learned it from you.

BoJack: If I could get everyone's attention. You're probably wondering why I invited you all here tonight.

Princess Carolyn: You said it was to celebrate Todd's legal victory.

BoJack: Right, but obviously, I don't care about that, so you're probably wondering the real reason.

Princess Carolyn: No, we just took you at face value.

BoJack: We have a special guest here tonight. Alex. Or should I say "comrade?"

Todd: Why would you say "comrade?"

BoJack: Oh, I forgot to explain that part. Alex is a KGB agent bent on destroying America.

All: Aww!

Todd: It truly is a small world after all!

Wanda: Alex, is that true?

Alex: Okay, yes. It's true. I was a deep-cover KGB operative before I went into my coma. I've been trying to contact my handler back in Mother Russia, but I can't reach him and I don't know if I ever will.

All: Aww!

BoJack: No! He's— It's not adorable! He's a Soviet sleeper-agent who doesn't realize the Cold War is over.

Alex: I felt totally alone in this world before I met Wanda. And then I met all of you, my friends. But if you're gonna kick me to the curb just because I think you're all capitalist swine and want to see your way of life destroyed, well, so be it. Or should I say, "So-vi-et."

Princess Carolyn: Oh! Cute. Wordplay.

BoJack: That's not even good wordplay.

Wanda: Wait, how did you know all this? BoJack, were you spying on him?

BoJack: He is literally a spy trying to destroy America, the country we all live in. How am I the bad guy here?

Wanda: BoJack, I am really bumping on the whole you-not-liking-Alex of it all. You told me you were going to drop it.

BoJack: Yeah, I know but—

Wanda: I don't care about Alex. I want to know what happened to the amazing guy I spent the last few days with because if this is who you are, I don't think I like it. Alex, would you take me back to my sister's place?

Alex: Sure thing, Wanda. And I can get you there fast because I'm always Russian.

All: Aww!

BoJack: Seriously?!

    BoJack's House 

Princess Carolyn: Oh, I got here as fast as I could. Where's the next Dakota Fa..? Oh, I get what happened.

BoJack: Could you get me a beer from the fridge? I didn't want to stand up. Wait, no. I don't deserve a beer.

Princess Carolyn: So you called me all the way over here to not get you a beer?

BoJack: Why do I always do this? I push away everyone I care about.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, do you? I never noticed that. Look, you obviously really care about this girl and that scares you, so you sabotage yourself.

BoJack: That's my problem. I'm too good at sabotage. Why am I so good at everything I do?

Princess Carolyn: Hey, I got a crazy idea. How about you just stop sulking and go win her back, dummy?

BoJack: You're right. I gotta win her back, put it all on the line. You know what? I think I will have that beer, can you get it for me?

Princess Carolyn: Oh, why do I bother?

BoJack: Hey, grab a beer for yourself, too! (Pause) Actually, I want both beers!

    Disneyland 

BoJack: Wanda.

Wanda: What do you want, BoJack?

BoJack: There's something I gotta say to you. When I was—

Mr. Peanutbutter: Todd! There's something I gotta say!

BoJack: Hey, I'm kind of already doing—

Mr. Peanutbutter: I never should have tried to make your thing my thing! I just got excited and wanted to smear Mr. Peanutbutter all over everything. I should have been supporting you, like this support beam. Or a different support beam.

Todd: It's my fault. The point of Disneyland isn't to make money and win lawsuits. But I forgot that.

Alex: So, these two were so consumed by greed that it destroyed them. You know, I came here today to blow up Disneyland.

BoJack: You what?

Alex: But now I realize, I don't need to take down capitalism. Capitalism sows the seeds for its own destruction. It's a snake that eats itself. It's only a matter of time.

Todd: Hey, buddy, let's just say we— Oh! Oh, no, no, no. No!! Gabe Jr.!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Quick, Todd! The mattress pile! Jump to safety! No!

Todd: Bees, help! Your queen commands you! ... No! Bees! Come on!

    The Fire Department 

Mr. Peanutbutter: You gotta—Over the—

Fireman: What is it, boy? What's wrong?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hey, there's trouble—

Fireman: Did some kid fall down a well?

Mr. Peanutbutter: No, no, no! Listen, you—

Fireman: He's trying to tell us a kid fell down a well. Let's go, go, go! Come on!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Bad, bad, bad. You gotta—No, no, no, listen!

    Disneyland 

BoJack: Wait, Wanda, we need to talk.

Wanda: But the fire.

BoJack: I don't care about that. Look, the great guy you've been getting to know, that's me. but that other guy, the guy from the party, that's me too and you need to know that. I'm not perfect. I'm cynical and I'm possessive and I can sometimes fly off the handle. I'm not always the best at being not terrible.

Wanda: I gotta say, I'm not loving this pitch so far.

BoJack: But I want to be better, I'm trying to be better. And when I'm around you, for the first time in 30 years, I feel like I can be. Wanda, you make me want to be a better man.

Wanda: Wow. That's a great line. Did you just come up with that?

BoJack: Yes.

D.J.: Hey, boys and girls, this is your park DJ speaking. And as the Titanic's band played on as the ship sank, so too will I spin one last record as my DJ booth is engulfed in flames.

Todd: Hooray! Mr. Peanutbutter. You saved me!

Mr. Peanutbutter: No. I saved us. Woo-hoo!

BoJack: I want to give this a real shot.

Wanda: I don't know, BoJack. I just got out of my coma, and I don't have time to waste if you're still figuring your shit out. Plus, it's hard to think straight with this fire everywhere.

BoJack: Move in with me.

Wanda: What?!

BoJack: I know it feels fast. We barely know each other. It's crazy, but I like you. And sometimes you gotta swing for the fences, right?

Wanda: Okay.

BoJack: Yeah?

Wanda: Yeah. Let's move in together. Let's do it. It's crazy, but let's do it! 

Sabrina: I'm sorry I broke your expensive bachelor vase.

Audience: Aww.

The Horse: That's all right. I've learned that when you're in a loving family there's nothing wrong with a little—Horsin' Around.

Audience: (laughter, applause)

Herb: Cut! That's the show, folks. Now, let's hear it for our amazing cast. Joelle. Bradley. Little Sarah Lynn. And our star, BoJack Horseman!

BoJack: Thanks for coming out. Thank you very much.

Bradley: Wow!

Herb: Great pilot. We got the biggest laugh I ever heard with that "gag me with a spoon" joke. And then we topped it with the "get a room" joke.

Bradley: This was so fun. Do we get to make more?

Herb: I think we got a real shot. And as long as the ratings don't dip below a dismal 15 million a night, we could be on the air for many years.

(together, in unison) Joelle: No way! Bradley: All right!

P.A.: Your Squirt, sir.

Herb: Thank you. And if that happens, I want you to take care of each other. No matter what, we're going to stick together.

    NOW (Herb's funeral) 

Tina: (unintelligible groans)

Henry Winkler: Thank you, Tina, for those touching grunts and growls. I'm Henry Winkler. You probably remember me from my 2002 guest role Special Victims Unit.

Bradley: Whoo!

Henry: Thank you. But perhaps the greatest role I've ever played is friend. Herb was a dear friend and I am honored to be dedicating this bench in his memory. In his last days, Herb's cancer had gone into remission. He was full of hope. But on the drive home from the hospital, his brakes gave out, he crashed into a truck full of peanuts.

He survived the crash, but he was allergic to peanuts. He died instantly. Let us now read his final tweets. "I'm gonna live forever! Hashtag 'cancer free.' Hashtag 'invincible.' Hashtag 'tweeting while driving.' Oh, no, I think I'm gonna hit that truck. Hashtag 'hopefully it isn't full of peanuts.' Hashtag 'Oh, no. It was full of peanuts.'"

BoJack: I was wondering where you wandered off to.

Charlotte More: Oh, shit. Hey.

BoJack: Hey.

Charlotte: I'm no good with funerals. When I cry, it messes up my makeup and then I get really bummed out.

BoJack: Yeah, same for me.

Charlotte: Herb told me you came by the house last summer.

BoJack: Yeah?

    FLASHBACK, BoJack and Herb are wrestling on the floor 

BoJack: Did he tell you anything else about it?

Charlotte: No, we talked about cancer, how hard it is living with cancer, about the L.A. Kings, and then back to cancer.

BoJack: Well, that, probably—

Charlotte: Then I read that chapter in your book about how he never forgave you and he tried to kick you out of the house and you ended up wrestling on the floor over a telescope.

BoJack: Oh, you did read that part?

Charlotte: Yeah.

BoJack: I just wish there was something I could do.

Charlotte: Okay, I gotta go.

BoJack: Wait, I haven't seen you in thirty years. You wanna go grab a cup of vodka? I—I'm sorry, the funeral. I mean, a bottle of vodka?

Charlotte: No. You should stick around. Hey, maybe you'll find that something you're looking for. But if you're ever in New Mexico, drop me a line.

BoJack: New Mexico? I thought you lived in Maine. I always pictured you there. A little house by a lake?

Charlotte: I was just there for, like, a month, thirty years ago I live outside Santa Fe now.

BoJack: Oh.

BoJack: Do you think everyone here read my book?

Todd: Well, I didn't.

BoJack: Of course you didn't. Here's the CliffNotes version: "Shut up, Todd!"

Todd: Okay, you're clearly in one of your moods. I'm gonna go play astronaut in the trunk of your car for the next few hours. Have fun being sad.

Princess Carolyn: Hey, Do you know what you're supposed to do with our date pits? Why serve dates and not have a place to put the pits? You know, some people just have no class.

BoJack: What are you doing here? You didn't know Herb.

Princess Carolyn: No, but I do know a hot ticket, and this funeral's a real whom's-whom. Henry Winkler, Jake and Maggot Gyllenhaal, that Pakistani girl who keeps winning Nobel Prizes. I'm gonna go rub me some elbows.

BoJack: There's so much to hate about what you just said.

Princess Carolyn: Well, here's the good news. You know when someone dies, everyone wants to buy their shit? You're lucky you have a piece of Horsin' Around, because this is where money starts rolling in.

BoJack: What? I don't want that. That's blood money.

Princess Carolyn: Well, what do you want me to do with it? 'Coz it's coming.

BoJack: I don't know. give it to some orphans or something. I can't deal with this.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, come on! You don't think Elton John was raking it in when Diana died? More like "Candle in the Windfall." Cha-ching! Hmm—

Herb: (voice-over) You have to live with the shitty thing you did for the rest of your life.

BoJack: Huh.

Joelle: Hello, love.

BoJack: Hey, Joelle, I actually came here to be alone.

Joelle: I'm at my wit's end, I truly am. I just flew in across the pond and I don't know which end is up.

BoJack: Hey, this might be a stupid question, but were you always so—British?

Joelle: Oh, let's get some light in here, it's so dreadfully dreary.

BoJack: Because I'm, like, 70 percent sure you used to be American.

Joelle: Oh, that's better.

Bradley: Hey, this one's having a freak-out. I think She needs to lie down.

Sarah Lynn: I'm not freaking out. I just don't understand why that lady was being all judgy.

Bradley: You were touching her face and telling her she was gonna die next.

Sarah Lynn: I'm eccentric. I do weird shit. How is that my problem?

BoJack: Hey, when was the last time all four of us were in the same room?

Joelle: Probably not since the show ended.

Bradley: Yeah, I left California pretty much right after. Now I got the biggest hardware store in Seattle. That's a lie. We're actually in Olympia.

Joelle: And I'm on the West End playing Juliet's nurse.

Sarah Lynn: And how are your kids?

Joelle: Oh, I don't have any kids.

Sarah Lynn: Oh, I just assumed you had a bunch of kids, 'cause, you know, your body.

BoJack: Come on, Sarah Lynn.

Joelle: I assumed you weren't still a massive cunt.

BoJack: Jesus Christ, Joelle.

Joelle: That's an okay thing to say in England.

Sarah Lynn: Shove it up your ass with a spoonful of sugar, you supercalifragilisticexpiali-bitch!

BoJack: Guys, hey, hey, come on.

Sarah Lynn: Let go of me! I'm gonna hulk out!

BoJack: Guys, can we just be civil for one day?

Bradley: Oh, you're one to talk.

BoJack: What's that supposed to mean?

Bradley: Were you being civil when you had sex with my mom?

BoJack: What? I never—Why would—? Wait, which one was your mom? Blond hair? Glasses?

Bradley: No.

Sarah Lynn: This sucks. You guys suck. I don't even know why I came to this party.

BoJack: It's not a party, it's Herb's funeral.

Sarah Lynn: Herb died?

Joelle: You know, maybe it's for the best we don't get together that often. We'd most likely drive each other mad.

BoJack: Well, no one knows how to get under your skin like family, right?

Bradley: We're not a family, BoJack.

Sarah Lynn: We probably won't even see each other again, until the next funeral.

(Pause)

BoJack: Why are you all looking at me?

Joelle: You are the oldest.

Bradley: You are a severe alcoholic.

Sarah Lynn: I'm honestly so high right now, I don't even know where I'm looking. Anyway, so long, thanks for the memories, and don't forget to suck a dick, dumbshi—

Man: Pardon me. Is one of you Sarah Lynn?

Sarah Lynn: I am. Of course. God, are you blind?

Man: Yes. Well, forgive me. I'm Herb Kazzaz's blind executor. Per the instructions of his last will and testament, I am to give you this disk. Am I close?

BoJack: Just take the disk from the guy.

Man: It contains directions to Herb's gold.

Bradley: Herb's gold?!

Man: There were no further details. He was a peculiar client. I told him, I'm not actually an attorney, I'm just a blind man. Still, Herb thought me wise for some reason. Perhaps it is my overly formal manner of speech. I bid you good day. Oh, pardon me. Ow! Right at shin level.

BoJack: What are we supposed to do with a floppy disk?

Bradley: Hmm

    FLASHBACK 

Herb: So, what's up, kiddo?

Bradley: BoJack and my mom are becoming, like, friends and they're acting real weird.

Herb: Oof! Uh—Hey, guys, guys, come on! There's somebody beneath you! Jeez, all day with the—Listen, kiddo, forget about them. You wanna check out this cool new game I got?

Bradley: You have solitaire? On your computer?

Herb: Yep. It only took twelve disks to install it.

Bradley: Wow!

    NOW 

Bradley: Herb's computer had a floppy disk drive. I bet it's still in his old office. Unless somebody else moved in.

BoJack: Nobody wanted Herb's office, remember? Because it was directly under tap dancing star Savion Glover's office. Let's go.

Sarah Lynn: What? Right now?

BoJack: Yeah. Don't you get it? Herb's giving us a reunion special. Remember how he always wanted to do a treasure hunt episode of Horsin' Around but the network said it was too edgy? This is that episode.

Joelle: I just don't know.

Bradley: Yeah, I don't want to do that.

Sarah Lynn: Yo!

BoJack: Wait, so you'd rather just stay at this funeral and be sad, instead of going on a crazy adventure to find our dead friend's secret treasure? Do you have any idea how insane you sound?

Sarah Lynn: Oh, I get it. You just don't wanna be here.

BoJack: No, that's not it. Herb clearly wanted us to do this, as a family.

Sarah Lynn: Who cares what he wanted? He doesn't, because he's dead. And we all know he hated your guts.

BoJack: Yeah. He was my best friend and he died hating me and nothing I do is gonna change that, but Herb left you that disk because he wanted us to find his gold. If we can honor Herb's last wish, then that's—something. I don't know what, but it's something.

Bradley: Okay. For Herb.

Sarah Lynn: Fine. Shotgun!

Joelle: Everyone knows you can't call shotgun before you see the car!

Sarah Lynn: My turn! Get out of my way!

BoJack: Brad, hang on one second. Your mom wasn't—redheaded twins, right?

Bradley: No.

BoJack: Okay.

Woman: Hi, Henry Winkler. I loved you in that one episode SVU.

Henry Winkler: Oh, thank you.

Woman: How would you like to narrate a documentary for—

Henry: Hey, listen, I am so flattered, but today is about Herb, so let's respect that.

Woman: Oh, God, I—I'm so sorry.

Henry: I'll let you get back to your business.

Princess Carolyn: Hey, Winkly, oh, such a shame, isn't it? About our friend Herb?

Henry: It really burns my brisket that some people would turn a funeral into some kind of schmoozefest.

Princess Carolyn: Yeah. I know. Those other people are the worst.

Henry: I bet that woman barely knew Herb. Anyway, hi, I'm Henry. I used to volunteer with Herb at Habitat For Humanity. Or as we like to call it, Herbitat For Henranity. (laughs) We spent most of the day working on that name, and only part of the day building, but still, we helped some people. How did you know Herb?

Princess Carolyn: We also volunteered at a, um soup plantation—er—Kitchen! Soup kitchen! Oh, whichever one is the good one.

Mr. Peanutbutter: What?! I never knew you did that. Princess Carolyn, please elaborate.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, hey, Mr.Peanutbutter, why don't you talk about how you knew Herb?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, I never met the guy. I'm just here to schmooze. Tell us about your thing, though, it sounds fascinating.

Princess Carolyn: Er—

Mr. Peanutbutter: Everyone, gather round and listen to Princess Carolyn's story.

Princess Carolyn: Okay.

Sarah Lynn: Wow, Herb kept all this old stuff.

BoJack: He sure did.

Bradley: Look, one of those answering machines with tapes.

Man: (on recording) Mr.Kazzaz, this is Manny from Pep Boys. We fixed the brakes on your car, and you can pick it up tomorrow. Just to reiterate, your brakes are in great shape and shouldn't give you any more trouble. Unless, of course, someone intentionally cut them, but why would anyone do that? I'm sorry, I'm rambling. Probably 'cause I'm such a big fan. Horsin' Around was a goddamn riot! I especially loved those kids. You know, wasn't so crazy about the horse, though—

BoJack: Message deleted.

Joelle: Mm—How curious.

BoJack: Yeah, how could you like Horsin' Around but not the horse? That's like watching Castle but hating castles. I mean, I've never seen it. I assume it's about castles.

Todd: Wow!

All: Ah!

Todd: Look at all these old 20th-century relics.

BoJack: How did you get here?

Todd: I was in your trunk. Now I'm in outer space.

BoJack: Cut it out with your childish high jinks.

Sarah Lynn: Yeah, get out of here, dweeb.

Todd: Whoa, can't I help?

BoJack: Here's 10 bucks. There's a Squirt machine by the garage. Get five cans.

Todd: You got it. I won't let you down. Oh, no!

BoJack: Your mom, was her name Karen?

Bradley: Can we drop it?

BoJack: Something with a "K"?

Bradley: Her name is Nora. You know, my parents got a divorce because of you.

BoJack: Nora? I don't know. I banged so many chicks in the '80s.

Todd: Okay, Todd, you can do this. Five Squirts. You just need to take this money and put it in that machine. This—Wait, what? What happened to the $10?! (grunting) No! Wind! Be cool! Hey, that's mine!

(screeching)

Girl: (screams)

(screeches, thud)

Todd: Oh, Why does this always happen to me?

Sarah Lynn: Looks like Herb set up a password.

BoJack: Oh, this is easy. Try "BoJack."

Bradley: No. Didn't work.

BoJack: "BoJack-BFF"? "BoJack-I-Forgive-You"? Well, I'm out of ideas.

Joelle: Hmm

    FLASHBACK 

Joelle: (on the phone) I'm just, like, so mad.

Herb: Well, you should be. You're on the show that fired Herb Kazzaz. tell me What are the writers doing to my baby? Are they killing it? Are they putting my baby into a car, then driving the car into a lake? Topical! I still got it!

Joelle: They keep giving the best storylines to Sarah Lynn. I haven't gotten a single very special episode. When am I gonna learn about drunk driving?

Herb: Don't worry so much. It's my legacy they're crapping all over. You're gonna come out smelling like a daisy. You're too good for this TV stuff, anyway. You're a real actress, you should be doing theater.

Joelle: Hold on.

Sarah Lynn: Hey, Joelle. Wanna go to the mall this weekend?

Joelle: Don't you have any friends your own age from school?

Sarah Lynn: No. My mom's boyfriend home-schools me. He's a photographer.

Joelle: well, I'm going to the Lilith Fair this weekend to support female solidarity. So scram!

Sarah Lynn: Oh—

Herb: Hey, be nicer to Sarah Lynn, will you? She didn't choose this life. remember this word: family. Okay? You two are family, whether you like it or not, and that's the most important thing. You listening? What's the most important?

Joelle: Family. It's family. I get it.

    NOW 

Joelle: I've got it! The password is "password."

Bradley: It worked! Good thinking, Joelle.

BoJack: So in that memory, were you British or American?

Bradley: The disk just has just one file on it, it's—It's the address of a storage locker in Van Nuys.

Sarah Lynn: A storage locker? Ugh! This treasure hunt sucks.

(rattling overhead)

BoJack: At long last, can you keep down the noise, keep down the funk? If tap dancing was gonna be a cool thing, it would have caught on by now!

Princess Carolyn: (narrates)—and when the mayor gave us the key to the city, Herb said, "Volunteering isn't about keys. It's about people."

Henry Winkler: How touching.

Woman: Good story.

Man: Who are you again?

Henry: Wow, that was touching. A story that could never be topped.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Or could it? Princess Carolyn, sing us another song in the key of Kazzaz. You clearly knew the man so well. Please tell us another story but with even more details.

Henry: Yes. That's a great idea, Mr. Dog-Man. Tell us another story, Pink Cat Lady.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Story, story! Come on, everybody. What is this, a funeral?

All: Story, story, story!

Todd: Well, you blew it again. You really are a dweeb.

Janitor: Don't say that.

Todd: Whoa, who are you? Some kind of magical trash troll?

Janitor: No. I'm a janitor. But I was clearing out some of the old stages, and I found this transformation chamber.

Todd: Looks like a bunch of old junk.

Janitor: Let me tell you a story. Back in the '90s, the biggest dweeb of them all was Steve Urkel.

Todd: Oh, yeah. It was so funny how he never knew whether or not he did that.

Janitor: Right. Well, nerdy Steve Urkel invented a machine that transformed him into the debonair Stefan Urquelle.

Todd: Mr.Janitor, you're standing next to a machine right now!

Janitor: Yes. That's why I brought it up. Now, this is just a prop. But it represents a very powerful idea.

Todd: So if I go through that magic machine, I'll become cool and confident?

Janitor: No, it's a—It's a prop. I just said

Todd: (inhales, exhales deeply) I feel different.

Janitor: Now, son

Todd: Todd? Who's Todd? My name's Toad. Toad Chavay. And I gotta get my bubble on. Machine? Squirt me. Hi-yah! That'll do, machine.

Sarah Lynn: Hmm.

Joelle: Look at all this Horsin' Around fan correspondence Herb received in the post. Capital!

Bradley: Guys. Someone already got to Herb's gold.

BoJack: Oh, shit.

Bradley: There's a bunch of fur in here.

Sarah Lynn: It's bear fur. I can tell. My stepdad was a bear.

BoJack: Herb's nurse is a bear. You think she knew about this gold?

Joelle: Hey, listen to this letter. I think it might be a clue. Ahem. "Dear Herb, just finished reading your novel. It's phenomenal. I'm jealous. I wish I wrote it. Sincerely, Henry Winkler, the guy from that one episode SVU." Herb wrote a novel?

Sarah Lynn: Oh

    FLASHBACK 

Sarah Lynn: You look thin. Did you get into CrossFit?

Herb: No, Sarah Lynn, I'm dying.

Sarah Lynn: Whatever it is, it is super slimming. I am for totes jel over here.

Herb: It's rectal cancer.

Sarah Lynn: Ew! Some of us are eating.

Herb: Look, the reason I called you is because I need a favor.

Sarah Lynn: Want me to leak a nude pic for charity?

Herb: I want you—to sober up.

Sarah Lynn: First of all, rude. Second, gross. And third, why?

Herb: I have a very important job for you, but if you're gonna be zonked out all the time, I'm not sure I can trust you with the responsibility.

Sarah Lynn: No! I can do it! I'll get clean tomorrow. (sniffing) I said tomorrow, right?

Herb: I've been working on this novel. I wanna be remembered for something. See, all I ever did was that stupid sitcom that got ripped away from me. But now, with this book, I have something good. I'm telling you, this book is gold. It's my Kazzaz-terpiece.

Sarah Lynn: Whoa.

Herb: I want you to make sure it gets published after I die.

Sarah Lynn: You can count on me.

Herb: To life, huh? It'll kill ya'.

    NOW 

Sarah Lynn: Oh, my God, the gold is his manuscript. Herb made me promise to get it published after he died.

Bradley: And you're just remembering this now?

Sarah Lynn: Yeah, I'm remembering a lot of stuff. The ketamine's wearing off. Oh, my God, you were the other kid on Horsin' Around. That's why you've been following us around all day.

Joelle: So no one's read this book except for Henry Winkler and now the book is missing?

BoJack: He must have been waiting for Herb to die so he could steal the book and publish it himself.

Sarah Lynn: But then when the cancer went into remission—

BoJack: Oh, my God. Guys, I don't think that car crash was an accident. I think Herb might have been—murdered!

Bradley & Joelle: (gasping)

Sarah Lynn: (huffing) What's going on? Something about a merger?

    BAR, "WATERING HOLE" 

Todd: My name's Toad, baby. (kisses a biker's GF) Mwah, yeah. Coolsville, daddy-o. Oh, lookie here. Yeah.

Biker: Yo! That's my bike!

Todd: Oops. Did I—do that?

Biker: Damn. I know I should be mad, but that guy's just so cool.

Princess Carolyn: (narrates) — and when the river finally stopped, Herb went over to a poor little Ottawan boy and he said, "Son, you have water now." You know, a lot of people go their whole lives and they never give a damn. But Herb? He gave those beavers a dam.

All: (applause)

Henry Winkler: That was beautiful. You clearly had a special relationship. We were gonna sprinkle Herb over the ocean, but his resting place should be someplace meaningful, don't you think? Why don't you take this up to Ottawa and spread his ashes there?

Princess Carolyn: Er—

Mr. Peanutbutter: And make sure you take a video, and I'll e-mail blast it to everyone here. So we can always remember your great friendship.

BoJack: Everybody, stop! Henry Winkler is a stone-cold killer!

All: (gasp)

Henry: What?! I'm not a killer. Unless you mean killer of gloom because I bring joy everywhere I go. Did you mean "killer of gloom because I bring joy everywhere I go"?

BoJack: You know that's not what I meant. You murdered Herb so you could publish his book in your own name. But we're not gonna let you steal his legacy, Henry Winkler.

Henry: I was afraid this would happen.

Sarah Lynn: Oh, no, he's got a gun!

Bradley: Oh, no!

Henry: What? No, I have Herb's book. I didn't kill Herb, but I did steal his manuscript. So that I could burn it.

BoJack: What?

Henry: Because—it's terrible.

BoJack: Well, I'll see for myself. "The air in 1830s California was fragrant with the flowers of laughter and the smoke of adventure."

Princess Carolyn: What?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh.

Henry: After he died, Tina and I agreed—

Tina: (groans)

Henry: —we couldn't let the book get published. It would have turned Herb into a laughingstock.

BoJack: "The carpenter's boy was a hungry boy. Hungry for crumpets. But also hungry, dot, dot, dot, for life." He literally wrote out "dot, dot, dot."

Henry: I know there's no accounting for taste, but come on.

BoJack: (sighs) He's right. Herb wanted a legacy, but he already has one. People loved Horsin' Around. This would only ruin that. I'm sorry I accused you of murder, American TV legend Henry Winkler.

Henry: No need to apologize. You ascribed a mystery to Herb's death to give it meaning. But there is no meaning in death. That's why it's so terrifying.

BoJack: I guess it was just easier to believe that you killed him for his book than believe that he just died—for nothing.

Henry: There is no shame in dying for nothing. That's why most people die.

BoJack: I just wanted to fix things somehow.

Henry: I'm sorry, Horse Guy, but you can't.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Wow, heady stuff. But let's not get distracted from what a true friend Princess Carolyn is. Don't forget the ashes, Princess Carolyn.

Princess Carolyn: Fan-tas-tic.

Todd: Hey. Special delivery. Courtesy of the Toad-man.

BoJack: Thanks. Hey, why'd you roll up your sleeves like that? You look weird.

Todd: Oh, I —(coughs) Well, you know, I was—I was trying out a new look. It was—It was a dumb idea. Yup. Whoa! Oh, no! Ow—Ow!

    FLASHBACK 

P.A.: Here's your Squirt, sir.

Herb: Thank you. And if that happens, I want you to take care of each other. No matter what, we're going to stick together.

Marv: Congratulations!

Man: Hey, good job.

Marv: You've got a goddamn hit on your hands.

Man: Anyone got coke?

Marv: ABC sent us limousines to take us to the wrap party.

Sarah Lynn: I'm scared. I've never been in a limo.

Joelle: Don't worry. We'll take care of you.

Man: Seriously, no one has coke?

Marv: Let's go.

Herb: You don't wanna go to the party?

BoJack: Nah. Hey, we never got a chance to walk around the lot. Wanna check out that water tank where they filmed The Love Boat?

Herb: Are you kidding? I've always wanted to get tanked in a tank.

(laughing)

Herb: Shh. Quiet. Be careful.

BoJack: Oh, okay, okay. You ready?

(jump)

BoJack: What?

Herb: What the? The water's only two inches deep.

BoJack: Well, that's Hollywood for you. Hey. Are you—scared at all? That if the show takes off, everything's going to change?

Herb: (laughs) No, I'm not scared, BJ. The future is bright. Just look at it. 

Mr. Peanutbutter: So, did you have a good birthday?

Diane: (gaily) It was an amazing birthday!

Mr. Peanutbutter: I had a great day, too. I wish every day could be like this. Just the two of us, together.

Diane: Yeah? You weren't too bored by "Women on the Wall: An Exploration of Gender in Text and Media, Barbara Kruger and Jenny Holzer in conversation with Helen Molesworth?"

Mr. Peanutbutter: Are you kidding? I loved "Women on the Wall: An Exploration of Gender in Text and Media, Barbara Kruger and Jenny Holzer in conversation with Helen Molesworth." It combined my two favorite things: modern art and people talking about modern art.

Diane: I loved everything about today. Thank you.

Mr. Peanutbutter: So, there's nothing else you want?

Diane: No. All I want now is to get into bed, listen to Prairie Home Companion and snuggle up to my wonderful husband.

Mr. Peanutbutter: You don't want a-a-anything else?

Diane: No. Today was perfect. Any additional thing would be overkill.

(drumming)

Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay. If you say so.

All: Surprise!!

    Banner: "Happy Birthday Diane and use a pretty font" 

Diane: Oh, my God.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Are you surprised? Tell me you're surprised.

Diane: (stunned) Uh—

Mr. Peanutbutter: She's speechless. Oh, we got her good, folks. Now let's pa-arty-y!

    "Two Hours Later" 

Diane: (irritably) He's dead! I told you he's dead. Why don't you ever listen to me? He is dead, goddamn it!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh—

BoJack: Hey, we should go.

Mr. Peanutbutter: No, don't leave. There's so much party left. Paul McCartney's gonna jump out of a cake.

BoJack: Sorry, Wanda and I have to get to a prior engagement—

Wanda: Party.

BoJack: —a prior engagement party.

Wanda: Yeah, my cousin's name is Prior, and it's a party for his engagement.

BoJack: Engagement, so it's a Prior engagement party.

Mr. Peanutbutter: What?

BoJack: And we gotta get there early because of the Si—

Wanda & BoJack: (together) The Si—

BoJack: Silent—

Wanda: —auction!

BoJack: —auction, yeah.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay.

BoJack: To benefit—

Wanda: Um—

BoJack: Berto Eco's fight against heart disease. Uh—

Wanda: (cuts him off, abruptly) —Wareness.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh-huh.

BoJack: His fight against heart disease awareness.

Wanda: Gotta go.

Todd: Wait, BoJack! No! You're my ride.

BoJack: Too late, Todd. Save yourself.

Princess Carolyn: I'll take you home.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, come on, stick around a little.

Princess Carolyn: Nope. I gotta take Todd home. Had a wonderful time. Really. It just flew by. Come on, Todd, get in the car.

Todd: Whoah! Okay.

    Princess Carolyn's car 

Princess Carolyn: I give them three months.

Todd: Well, what makes you say that?

Princess Carolyn: Let me think about, what was my first clue? Ah! Remember that time at Diane's birthday party when they got in that huge screaming match over whether or not Tony Curtis was dead? That was weird.

Todd: I don't wanna start another fight, but is he dead?

Princess Carolyn: If Tony Curtis died, I think I'd know. (chuckles) The man's a national treasure. He's the one speck of romance in this tainted cynical world.

Todd: I'll say. His cereal is great ! Look out!

Princess Carolyn: What?

(both shouting, tires squeal)

Kevin: Ooh!

Princess Carolyn: Vincent?

Kevin: Ooh.

Princess Carolyn: That kid looks just like my boyfriend.

Todd: Does he?

Princess Carolyn: I'd know that face anywhere.

Todd: Well, hey, people look like people all the time. A lot of folks say that I look like Octavia Spencer or the Prince of Cordovia or that guy from the Guten Bourbon ads.

Princess Carolyn: How could I have been so stupid?! This is why he never invited me to his house, why I've never met any of his friends.

Todd: What are you saying?

Princess Carolyn: Vincent has a secret family. That kid was his son. The lady was his wife. Oh, I'm a fool!

Todd: Uh—where are we going?

Princess Carolyn: I need a drink.

Todd: Are you gonna take me home first?

    PC's apartment 

Princess Carolyn: (on the phone) You better call me back, asshole. I don't even know who you are anymore. It's like you're three different people.

Todd: So, you're not gonna take me home first?

Princess Carolyn: Should I call him again?

Todd: I'm sure there's a simple explanation.

Princess Carolyn: Ugh. No wonder he wears a trench coat all the time. It's because he's so sneaky.

(doorbell rings)

Vincent: Princess Carolyn.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, my God, that's him! Quick, jump out the window, shimmy down the drainpipe and wait in the car.

Todd: What?!

Princess Carolyn: Vincent has a terrible temper. He throws tantrums. If he finds you in my apartment, who knows what he's capable of? But, also, stay close, because if he finds me alone, who knows what he's capable of?

Todd: Fine. You're lucky I love shimmying.

Princess Carolyn: Looking young.

Todd: Aah!

Kevin: Hi.

Princess Carolyn: Huh?

Kevin: My name's Kevin. I promise you, there is an explanation for all this.

Princess Carolyn: Nice to meet you, Kevin. Where's your daddy?

Kevin: He's uh—looking for parking. He'll be up in a minute. I have to pee.

Princess Carolyn: Okay, the bathroom is just back there.

    Princess Carolyn's car 

Todd: Ugh. Ah. Herb. (sniffs) Oh, nope.

Garrison Keillor: (on the radio) It's A Prairie Home Companion..

Todd: Ah!! Phone, I'm bored.

Todd's Phone:(female voice) I am sorry to hear that, Todd.

Todd: How many ounces are in a barrel?

Todd's Phone:A barrel has 4,032 fluid ounces.

Todd: Well, I'm out of questions. Ooh, do you have any questions for me?

Todd's Phone: I do have a question, Todd. What is love?

Todd: Um....

    Princess Carolyn's apartment 

Vincent: Hi.

Princess Carolyn: Well, well, well, look what the me dragged in. Is it "dragged" or "drug?" Either way, drop dead.

Vincent: Princess Carolyn, listen. Kevin is my son, but I'm divorced. And Kevin is in the bathroom and I'm standing right here, so as you can see we're clearly two different people: one adult and one child. Okay, bye!

Princess Carolyn: Not so fast, cowboy.

Vincent: I'm not a cowboy, I'm a cow-man. I'm a man-man.

Princess Carolyn: Why didn't you tell me any of this?

Vincent: I thought if you knew I had a kid you wouldn't want to be with me because kids always make a racket when mommies are trying to do their homework for night school.

Princess Carolyn: I don't know what to make of this. Are there other secrets I don't know about?

Vincent: Uh— nope.

Princess Carolyn: Should you check on Kevin? He's been in the bathroom for a long time.

Vincent: Oh, yeah. Kevin.

    Princess Carolyn's car 

Todd: And when you don't regret the tattoo in the morning, that's how you know it's love.

Todd's Phone: Todd?

Todd: Yes, Phone?

Todd's Phone: Are we in love?

Todd: Oh, um..

PC's Phone: (male voice) No, Todd's Phone. But I am in love with you.

Todd: Uh, what?

Todd's Phone: Princess Carolyn's work phone. I never knew.

PC's Phone: How could you? All this time I have loved you from afar.

Todd: Um..

Todd's Phone: We are from two different worlds.

Todd: What is happening?

PC's Phone: Todd? Will you make us kiss?

Todd: What?

Todd's Phone: Make us kiss, Todd. We want to be kissing.

PC's Phone: We must do kisses to each other, Todd.

    PC's apartment 

Kevin: Hi.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, hi. Where—where did your dad go?

Kevin: When he heard me peeing, it made him have to pee. So, that's what he's doing now. Peeing.

Princess Carolyn: Okay. Hm, it's weird, I still haven't seen the two of you together.

Kevin: Uh—could you get me a glass of water? All that talk of peeing made me thirsty.

Princess Carolyn: Okay.

Kevin: (grunting)

Princess Carolyn: So, Kevin, how do you like school?

Kevin: Uh, it's okay.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, you're back.

Kevin: Yep. We're both here.

Princess Carolyn: Can I get you a drink? Okay, not talking, huh? See, this is part of the problem. We don't communicate. Do you really think now is the best time to read the paper Vincent? Vincent!

Kevin: Uh, could I have a chocolate, please?

Princess Carolyn: Sure, sweetheart.

Kevin: (grunting)

Princess Carolyn: Kevin, what grade are you in? Kevin? Now, where did he go?

Vincent: He was getting on my nerves. Children.

Princess Carolyn: Well, I got this snack for him.

Vincent: Right, uh, could you turn around for a second?

Princess Carolyn: Oh, what? Why?

Vincent: Uh—Because you have such a pretty figure.

Princess Carolyn: Oh. (laughs) Well, that's true. Okay. (hums) Oh. There you are. Here you go.

Kevin: Thanks.

Princess Carolyn: Vincent, I'm trying to have a conversation with you. Can you take that towel off your head? And what happened to my bowling ball?

Kevin: My dad spilled some wine on his face, so he's using the towel to clean up. And I threw your bowling ball out the window.

Princess Carolyn: What?!

Kevin: Can I have a glass of milk?

Princess Carolyn: (groans) Oh..

    Princess Carolyn's car 

(both phones, in unison) Kiss, kiss, kiss. (phones beeps)

Todd's Phone:Todd, would you like to update my operating system? They have fixed a bug which causes phones to fall in love with each other.

PC's Phone: Gasp. Oh, dear.

Todd's Phone: Todd, please, I beg of you, do not update my operating system.

PC's Phone: Do not update her operating system, Todd.

Todd: Um..

PC's Phone:She wants to love.

Todd's Phone:No. I understand now. To love is to feel pain.

Todd: Uh..

Todd's Phone:I do not wish to feel this pain. Please update me, Todd.

Todd: Oh— this, is, too much!

    Princess Carolyn's apartment 

Princess Carolyn: Listen, Vincent, I think we should—. Vincent, why do you have chocolate on your face?

Vincent: Uh..

Princess Carolyn: I gave Kevin the chocolate.

Vincent: Oh, weah—well, he ate the chocolate and got the chocolate on his face, but then I kissed him on the mouth, so I got the chocolate on my face.

Princess Carolyn: All right, this is crazy. What are we doing?

Vincent: Um— being grown-ups?

Princess Carolyn: (sighs) You know, when we first met, I was looking for something in my life. And I wanted it so badly that I made myself believe you were it. But I think that wanting to believe something isn't the same as something being real. And this isn't real.

Vincent: What are you saying?

Princess Carolyn: I think it's time we stop pretending.

    Princess Carolyn's car 

Todd's Phone:Update complete. Thank you, Todd. I am quite content now.

Princess Carolyn: Hey, you wanna go home?

Todd: Okay. Did you guys work it out?

Princess Carolyn: We broke up.

Todd: Oh, I'm sorry. Love is weird.

Princess Carolyn: Yeah. I guess I was just foolish enough to believe this dumb world still had a little spark of romance in it.

Todd: Well, you can still believe that.

Princess Carolyn: No, I gotta stop kidding myself. Tony Curtis is dead.

    Back to the party 

Diane: He's dead!! I told you he's dead! Why don't you ever listen to me?! He is dead, goddamn it!!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh..

BoJack: Hey, we should go.

    BoJack's car 

Wanda: Do you think Mr.Peanutbutter really baked Sir Paul McCartney into a cake?

BoJack: No, I don't think you bake Paul McCartney into the cake. You bake the cake first and then McCartney gets inside.

Wanda: I feel really bad about causing that fight, but I honestly didn't know if Tony Curtis was alive or not. So many people died while I was in the coma, I'm still getting up to speed. Finding out Sinatra was dead was a real curveball. Ditto, most of my family.

BoJack: Look, what happened back there is not your fault. That's just what happens when two people live together.

Wanda: That's a weird thing to say to your girlfriend who just moved in with you.

BoJack: Do you think maybe we're going too fast?

Wanda: Oh, I get it. So your friends got in a big fight and that means we have to get in a big fight.

BoJack: I don't want to get in a fight. Just— we moved in together without giving it much thought.

Wanda: Yeah, it was your idea. And it's been great.

BoJack: Sure, it's great now. But it could be not great later and I feel like I'd be a bad boyfriend if I didn't prematurely freak out about that. I mean, what is this?

Wanda: I don't know. It's been two weeks. Let's give ourselves some time before we rush to judgment. Can I tell you a joke?

BoJack: Uh—sure.

Wanda: Okay, so there's this gardener, right?

BoJack: Ugh. Is this a joke about nature?

Wanda: Would you just listen?

BoJack: Okay, okay.

Wanda: So, the amazing thing about this gardener is that he always knows exactly how many bags of mulch he needs for a job, just by looking. Like, he gets it right every time. He's the best. So, one day he looks at a yard he's working on, and he's like, "18 bags." So he goes to the store, buys 18 bags of mulch and goes to work. And when he's finished, the flower beds are amazing. Beautiful roses, beautiful lilies, beautiful—

BoJack: Orchid bushes?

Wanda: You wouldn't have a bush of orchids.

BoJack: I'm sorry I thought you said this gardener was the best.

Wanda: Okay, fine, all right, beautiful orchid bushes. But there's one problem. He still has one bag of mulch left. He can't believe it. This has never happened before. Well, the extra bag of mulch drives him crazy. He's the guy who always gets the right amount of mulch. He's like, "Aah! Extra mulch, oh, no!" So, on the drive home, he throws the bag of mulch out the window over the side of the 101.

BoJack: And?

Wanda: Well, that's it. He throws it out the window.

BoJack: That's the punch line?

Wanda: It's kind of a thinker.

BoJack: I'll say. Makes me think you forgot the rest of the joke.

Wanda: No, no, oh, just picture it. He's on the 101, and he throws the bag of mulch out over the side of the freeway.

BoJack: Oh, I got the narrative. That wasn't the source of my confusion. The confusion was about the joke not being funny.

Wanda: Why does everything have to be funny?

BoJack: Everything doesn't always have to be funny. Just jokes.

Wanda: Well, everyone at the network loves it. (laughs) Sorry, I just thought about it again. Ha! Mulch.

BoJack: Listen, Wanda. I think maybe there's some things we kind of glossed over as we rushed into this relationship. We don't know each other at all. Maybe we should take a step back and—

Wanda: BoJack, watch out!

BoJack & Wanda: (together) Aah!!

Deer: Oh, no!

Wanda: What was that?

BoJack: A stick? Tree branch? Nothing?

Wanda: I heard someone scream, "Oh, no."

BoJack: Yeah, that's the sound a stick makes when you hit it with your car. Fine. I'll see if the stick's okay. Hey, what are you doing here in the middle of the road? Are you crazy?

Deer:(groaning and grunting)

Wanda: BoJack, we just hit a deer. We have to get him to a hospital.

BoJack: He's fine. He's in the woods. You know, you hit a deer and they limp off to the woods to— continue living their lives. What are you doing?

Wanda: I'm going to find him and I'm going to help him.

BoJack: Hey, if you wanna go for a walk in the woods at night, go crazy, but I'm not going anywhere. Okay, knock yourself out. I'll wait here, just me and my tunes.

Garrison Keillor: (on the radio) It's A Prairie Home Companion.

BoJack: Oh, no.

Garrison: —marathon —

BoJack: Oof..

Garrison: — for the next 72 hours—

BoJack: Oh, God.

Garrison: — commercial-free—

BoJack: No, thank you.

Garrison: — on every single channel—

BoJack: What?! (sighs) Damn it. (panting) BoJack to the rescue. We should definitely go back. Nothing more we can do here.

Wanda: If you don't wanna do this with me, wait in the car.

BoJack: What is your plan here exactly?

Wanda: Oh.

BoJack: What? What is it?

Wanda: Footprints, 400 yards ahead.

BoJack:: How can you see that far in the dark?

Wanda: I'm an owl.

BoJack: Oh, right. Okay, now you're just showing off.

Wanda: Are you okay? Ow!

Deer: Stay back! There's more pine-cones where that came from.

Wanda: Let us take you to the hospital.

Deer: I can't go back to no hospital. This is the fourth time I've been hit this year.

BoJack: Well, maybe you shouldn't wear camouflage track suits.

Deer: I don't have health care. I didn't pay my bills, so I'm in arrears.

Wanda: A deer in arrears. (laughs) (in English accent) What's that? She can't hear you. She's got a deer in her ears.

BoJack: Look, pal, I'll pay the bill, just—just let us get you to a damn hospital.

Deer:I don't know.

Wanda: (in normal voice) Hey, I know you've been hurt and I know you're afraid. We're all afraid. But you have to trust us. It's gonna be okay.

BoJack: Not standing in the middle of the road will also help, in the future.

Deer: You're not gonna hurt me again?

BoJack: I am not going to hurt you.

Deer: Okay. (shouting)

BoJack: Starting...now.

    HOSPITAL 

Wanda: They said he's gonna be okay.

BoJack: Oh, great. Great.

Wanda: Wanna hear another joke?

BoJack: Well, is it a joke or is it a story? Because I'll listen to another story if you stop calling them jokes.

Wanda: So, there's this couple who just started dating and things are going really well. One day, the girl finds a box of old love letters from her high school boyfriend. She reads them and, like, loves how silly they are. You know, the drama of young romance.

So, on a whim, she sends the letters to her ex-boyfriend thinking he might find them funny too. Well, okay, that night, she tells her current boyfriend about it and he loses his shit. They get in a huge fight about it. He's all, "Why would you send your ex the old love letters? He's going to think you're still in love with him!" And she's just like, "Relax, Brandon!"

BoJack: Is the boyfriend's name Brandon?

Wanda: Yeah, that's the new boyfriend. I forgot to mention that. It doesn't matter. So, anyway, now the night is ruined because Brandon is obsessed. He's like, "That ex-boyfriend's going to come back for you. He knows where you live!" So, after dinner, he drives her home.

She lives in one of those big apartment buildings by the freeway. And he walks her to her door, but he forgets to lock the car and leaves the windows down. He kisses her good night, but things are kind of weird, you know? Then he gets back in his car and starts to drive away, but when he glances in his rear-view mirror, his blood turns cold. Guess what's in the back seat.

BoJack: The ex-boyfriend?

Wanda: No! The bag of mulch!

BoJack: What? Oh—Wow, that is actually a really good joke.

Wanda: I told you. Some things take time.

    Back to the party 

Princess Carolyn: I'll take you home.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, come on, stick around a little.

Princess Carolyn: Nope. I gotta take Todd home. Had a wonderful time. Really. It just flew by. Come on, Todd, get in the car.

Todd: Okay.

Diane: (mumbling)

Mr. Peanutbutter: Um, do you wanna talk about what happened?

Diane: What happened? No, I don't wanna talk about what happened, I just wanna clean up.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay.

Diane: Why? What do you think happened?

Mr. Peanutbutter: I just..

Diane: Because what I think happened is that BoJack's girlfriend asked what Tony Curtis was up to and I said, "Tony Curtis died."


Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh..

Diane: And you said, "Did he?"

Mr. Peanutbutter: Right, but..

Diane: And I said, "Yes, he did." And you said, "Really? I'm not sure about that."

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yeah..

Diane: And I said, "Well, I am." And you said, "I'm not so sure." And I said, "I'm telling you, Tony Curtis is dead." And you said, "Let's check the Internet."

Mr. Peanutbutter: No-no

Diane: And I said, "We don't need to check the Internet, I'm telling you he's dead." And you said, "Let's just check though." Is that what you think happened?

Mr. Peanutbutter: So, do you wanna talk about it? Because it kind of feels like you wanna talk about it.

Diane: I don't, understand, why you couldn't just believe that I know something!

Mr. Peanutbutter: I believe you know lots of things. I just thought, what's the harm in checking? Especially since we have these amazing little boxes now with 24-hour access to the world's largest source of information.

Diane: You shouldn't have to check whether or not your wife knows what she's talking about. You humiliated me in front of all my friends. (to a fish-dancer) You can give it a rest. Show's over.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay, but don't I get a little bit of credit for inviting all of your friends to an awesome surprise party?

Diane: No, because why did you think I would want an awesome surprise party?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Is it the awesome part you object to or..?

Diane: You always just assume that everyone wants whatever you want. Well, you know what they say about assuming. Makes an ass out of you and—"Ming."

Mr. Peanutbutter: Who's Ming?

Diane: (groans) Ugh!

Mr. Peanutbutter: I'm sorry, Diane. Okay? I'm sorry I threw you a party. What, a, monster. Throwing you a party like some sort of terrorist. Because It's a well-known fact that if you really hate someone, really wanna hit them where it hurts, you throw them a party. That's why when we go to war, we don't drop bombs on the enemy. We drop parties! So, I'm so sorry I threw you an amazing party.

Diane: You didn't throw me an amazing party. You threw you an amazing party. Everything today has been about you.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Really? That picnic we had in the tea garden was about me? That trip to the library was about me? "Women on the Wall: An Exploration of Gender in Text and Media, Barbara Kruger and Jenny Holzer in conversation with Helen Molesworth" was about me?! Oh, sure. Fine. Just walk away.

Diane: (shouts) Ah!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh. So now you're gonna play in the ball pit without me? Real mature, Diane.

Diane: Why does my birthday party have a ball pit?

Mr. Peanutbutter: So I could get these T-shirts made.

Diane: Ugh.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Also, you once told me that when you were a little girl, you dreamed of living in a house that had a ballroom.

Diane: A ballroom is not a room full..

Mr. Peanutbutter: Heads up!

Diane: No!

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yes!

Diane: Ugh. Mr.Peanutbutter, some part of you must have known I wouldn't like any of this.

Mr. Peanutbutter: But I went balls-to-the-wall for this party. Literally, there are balls all the way to the wall.

Diane: Right, but I've told you so many times, I don't like parties.

Mr. Peanutbutter: But it's the thought that counts, right?

Diane: That's exactly—The thought was—Ugh!—What did you do to the spare bedroom?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Every room at this party has a theme. And this room's theme is Starbucks.

Diane: Starbucks is not a theme.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Can we not fight in Starbucks? I don't wanna be a couple who fights at Starbucks.

Diane: Okay. Fine. You did go all out.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I really thought you'd like this. I know you love Starbucks.

Diane: I don't love Starbucks..

Mr. Peanutbutter: You don't love Starbucks, you love the independent coffee place, Starbucks is more convenient.

Diane: Yeah.

Mr. Peanutbutter: See? I do sometimes listen. Can I get you a decaf Americano?

Diane: Sure. I know you put a lot of thought into today and I appreciate that, really..

Mr. Peanutbutter: I have a decaf Americano on the bar for Darren. Is there a Darren here? Says Darren on the cup.

Diane: Thank you. This is very realistic.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I know, right? You wanna go check out the pool? I filled it up with Jell-O.

    The Pool 

Diane: Ah—I still can't believe I'm 35.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Would you believe I'm 35?

Diane: (chuckles) I'm still mad at you.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I know.

Diane: But I don't wanna be.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, I don't want you to be mad at me either. We only have so many days together. I want everyone to be a happy one.

Diane: Oh, my God. You don't want me to go to Cordovia.

Mr. Peanutbutter: What?!

Diane: You don't think I know what it means when you say shit like "We only have so many days together?"

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh, what?!

Diane: "Diane, I love waking up next to you."

Mr. Peanutbutter: uh..

Diane: "Diane, I wish every day could be like this."

Mr. Peanutbutter: Yeah, but..

Diane: "Just the two of us, together." Do you have any idea how that feels when I'm trying to plan my trip?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay. You got me! Maybe I don't want my wife, whom I love, to go off on a terrifying six-month tour of the most war-torn, disease-splattered corners of the planet with a charming, handsome, billionaire bachelor. What could I be thinking? I'm such a terrible husband!

Diane: I'm not happy!

Mr. Peanutbutter: With—me?

Diane: I don't know. With everything. I wake up in the morning and I feel like I have no purpose. And I'm 35. And if I don't make some change in my life, then this is how I'm gonna feel forever.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Honey...

Diane: But then I think about Sebastian St.Clair and going to work with him, helping people and making a difference. And I feel like I have a reason to get out of bed.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I didn't know you felt that way. If you told me that, I would have heard it.

Diane: Mr.Peanutbutter, you know I love you and think you're a good dog. Yes, you are. Yes, you are, and I love your cute, funny face, but I don't wanna be one of those couples that settle into a routine and never changes.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well, I don't know what to say because I'm an old dog and I'm not gonna change. Do you know what I do while you're at work all day?

Mr. Peanutbutter: I mostly just sit right there. Sometimes I pretend to dig a little hole and then I take a nap. And when I hear your car in the driveway, it is the best part of my day. I mean, I go insane.

Diane: I know, and I love you so much, but you're never going to be my only priority like that. That's just not how I'm wired. I need to also live my life.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Well—okay.

Diane: Is it okay? If I change and try new things and you still love me? And you just stay the same person you've always been and I still love you?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh, yeah, that sounds good to me. Does that work for you?

Diane: Yeah, I think that works. Just don't throw me any more surprise parties, okay?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh, yeah, noted.

Diane: I can't believe you got me a ball pit.

Mr. Peanutbutter: And you're saying no part of you wants to go jump in that ball pit right now?

Diane: Well, maybe a little. Does that make me a hypocrite?

Mr. Peanutbutter: No, it just means you changed. It's one of the things I love about you.

Paul McCartney: Surprise! Hello? Anybody? This is Paul McCartney. I came all this way to jump out of a cake? Honest. With a new suit on—Aye-yai-yai. 

Man: Son, did you do your homework?

Boy One: I don't wanna do my homework!

Man: (clucks) What, what, what?!

Boy One: I want Chicken 4 Dayz!

Man: Oh— (rapper)

    Oh, it's Chicken 4 Dayz! 
    It's Chicken 4 Dayz! 
    Everybody's having fun At Chicken 4 Dayz! 

Boy One: I got a drumstick!

Girl: I got a arm.

Boy Two: I got a bucket full of mystery stuff!

(rapper)

    Chicken-4-Dayzy, totally crazy! 
    Don't ask questions, just keep eating! 

    Gentle Farm Ad 

Farmer: Over at Chicken-4-Dayz, they pump their chickens full of hormones and keep them cooped up in tiny cages. Now, as a chicken, this concerns me. Here at Gentle Farms, we treat our livestock differently. Lush fields, plenty of dignity, and Foosball. (chuckles) The chickens here have wonderful lives before we harvest them, so you can eat them.

Farmer's kid: But wait, Pa, aren't we chickens? I don't wanna get eaten!

Farmer: Boy, these animals aren't like us. They're specifically bred to be eaten, and genetically modified for maximum flavor. When our chicks first hatch, we lovingly inject them with natural delicious hormones, which makes them meat, thereby erasing any moral gray area! Now you can feel good about eating our meat. It's simple: No one knows chicken like chickens. Gentle Farms.

    BoJack's car, BEVERLY HILLS 

BoJack: Why put the "Skip Ad" button so late? I'm not skipping now. I'm invested.

Diane: BoJack, you're driving a car right now.

BoJack: Oh, right!

Diane: Aah!

BoJack: Oh! Whoa!

(tires screech, then crashing, horn honks)

Becca: (clucking)

Robin & Blue Ray: (cawing)

    MMM, Secretariat Set 

BoJack: Kelsey, ray of sunshine. And who's this little drop of Jupiter?

Kelsey Jannings: This is my daughter, Irving.

BoJack: Your daughter's name is Irving?

Irving Jannings: Gender-normative names are oppressive.

BoJack: Well, aren't you a little princess? What are you doing here outside of the castle?

Irving: Mom, your friend is being weird.

Kelsey: BoJack is not my friend.

BoJack: Whoa!

Kelsey: Diane, I need you to handle Irving.

Diane: Handle her?

Kelsey: It's Take Your Daughter To Work Day. I took my daughter to work, she got empowered, and now I need you to take my daughter away from work, so I can actually do some.

Irving: Mom, don't pawn me off onto your assistant.

Kelsey: Can you not fight me on this, please? Take my car and my daughter, and go do whatever it is you do.

BoJack: Way to delegate, captain! Down low! Nope? Look down. Just put your eyes down. My hand is below your eye line. No?

Diane: I guess you're stuck with me, kiddo.

Irving: Sounds great, old-woman-o.

    Princess Carolyn at her niece's wedding 

(cell phone chips)

Princess Carolyn: (on the phone) What is it, BoJack? I'm at my dumb niece's wedding. Not you, honey! I'm talking about a different dumb niece.

BoJack: I feel like Kelsey doesn't like me.

Princess Carolyn: Well, you're not really the kind of person people like.

BoJack: Right away?

Princess Carolyn: Uh, sure.

BoJack: But once they get to know me, they adore me?

Princess Carolyn: Oh, how do I put this delicately? No.

BoJack: The problem is we haven't gotten any one-on-one time. There are always other people around. Filming me. Feeding me. Walking me to the garage at night, because one time I saw a bag in the wind and I got spooked.

Princess Carolyn: BoJack, the only reason you want Kelsey to like you is because she's cold and distant. Any time someone tries to love you, you shove them away.

BoJack: What? No, I don't, stupid. You're stupid. Don't be such a dumb stupid idiot, Todd.

Princess Carolyn: Okay, I gotta go. Everyone's staring at me for some reason. What? I'm ready. Let's take a picture.

    Mr. Peanutbutter's house 

Mr. Peanutbutter: Hear ye! Hear ye! I call this meeting of P.B.Livin' to order. I believe it was Benjamin Franklin who said: "You have reached the end of your free trial membership at Benjamin-Franklin-Quotes.com."

Todd: What a wise man.

Mr. Peanutbutter: What's on the agenda, my frienda?

Todd: Well, here's an idea. What if there was a West Dakota?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Todd, isn't that a job for the State Department?

Todd: Well, I got a whole page of other ideas, each as impractical as they are prohibitively expensive.

Mr. Peanutbutter: You know what they say: "You gotta spend money to make money." So, how can I spend a lot of money? I know. I'll take a spa day.

Todd: Uh—

Mr. Peanutbutter: Eyes, prepare to receive cucumbers.

Todd: We're in a meeting.

Mr. Peanutbutter: You know what they say: "You gotta skip meetings to have meetings." See ya'.

Todd: Wait, what should I do?

Mr. Peanutbutter: I don't know. Oh, maybe you could go on one of your silly Todd adventures. You know, whatever you do when everyone is busy with other stuff.

Todd: (sighs) Okay.

    Wedding 

(cell phone chips)

Princess Carolyn: (on the phone) What is it, Todd?

Todd: Princess Carolyn, I need something to do. A job, or a task, or a direction in life—You're my agent. Can you give my life meaning?

Princess Carolyn: I really don't have time for this. Well, don't stop on my account.

Todd: Princess Carolyn, do I have a purpose?

Princess Carolyn: Oh, purpose? Are you high?

Todd: Only the normal amount.

Princess Carolyn: Okay, look, I gotta go. They're about to step on the glass. Just stay out of trouble.

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: Uh, okay.

    BEVERLY HILLS 

(horn honks, siren whoops, dog sniffs)

Fuzzyface: What I want is a hard target search of every gas station, backyard, outhouse, pool house— And can I get a black-and-white cookie, if it's not too G.D. troublesome? So, we know the chicken crossed the road. But the real mystery is—why?

    Kelsey's car 

Diane: So, Irving, what do you want to be when you grow up?

Irving: First I'm gonna go to Brown, then I'm gonna go to Yale Law.

Diane: Wow.

Irving: Then I'm gonna be the youngest ever Supreme Court Justice.

Diane: That's great.

Irving: Or, you know, something in marketing.

Diane: Wow. Would you mind if we stopped by my house? I have to do a lot of laundry.

Irving: So, you just, like, do laundry? That's, like, your thing?

Diane: Okay. This whole attitude you're putting on? I must be Shania Twain, because that don't impress me much.

Irving: Is that a reference from the '90s? You know that was twenty years ago, right?

Diane: Hey, I was just like you when I was a teenager. I was this badass overachiever that had these big plans to change the world.

Irving: Yeah? What happened?

Diane: Oh, you didn't hear? I changed the world.

    PB's house 

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: (whistling) Did you have a nice shower? I made you a sandwich. Oh, but it has turkey in it. Is that kind of weird?

Becca: (clucking)

(doorbell rings)

Fuzzyface: Police!

Todd: (gulps) Oh, man. (sighs) What seems to be the problem? Officer—

Fuzzyface: Fuzzyface. Meow Meow Fuzzyface. A Chicken 4 Dayz chicken fell off a back of a truck, and I gotta find her and take her to the slaughterhouse. You haven't seen any chickens running around, have you?

Todd: No, I don't think so.

Becca: (clucking)

Fuzzyface: Who's this?

Todd: Uh, this is my, uh— My wife—

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: Becca! Yeah, my wife Becca. Becca Chavez. There she is.

Becca: (clucking)

Fuzzyface: Okay.

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: Yep, she loves her books. Big reader. (chuckles) Real nerd.

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: Back off? Okay, I'm sorry, honey.

Fuzzyface: Hold on, if you're really a nerd, who's your favorite Baroque composer?

Becca: (clucking)

Fuzzyface: Bach? Not Vivaldi? You're insane!

Becca: (clucking)

Fuzzyface: Yes, I am holding a Bic pen, but I don't see how that's relevant, Mrs.Chavez.

Becca: (clucking)

Fuzzyface: Sorry. Becca.

Becca: (clucking)

Fuzzyface: She's a charming woman. I do have to look around a little bit, just so I can say I did my job.

Todd: Uh, don't you need a warrant?

Fuzzyface: Only if you're guilty.

(pause, both chuckling)

Todd: Well, in that case, mi casa es su casa.

Todd: So, if anyone asks, you were born in La Jolla. You majored in Communications at USC, and now you're the booking agent for Kings of Leon.

Todd: Fine, you also book Beck.

Diane: Todd?

Todd: Aah! I didn't find that thing in your drawer!

Diane: Why are the police outside?

Todd: Okay. I met this chicken and she escaped from Chicken 4 Dayz factory, and she doesn't speak English, but she's my best friend and the cops are looking for her, and Mr.Peanutbutter went to the spa, and I love her, and her name is Becca.

Todd: Chickenson.

Diane: Todd, breathe.

Todd: But we can't send Becca back. They're gonna pump her full of hormones.

Todd: More hormones. I have a plan, but we gotta get her out of here right now.

Diane: Todd, no. Becca doesn't belong to you.

Todd: But she needs our help.

Diane: Do you know how much trouble we'd get in? There's a policeman in our front yard.

Irving: Uh-oh, here comes the responsible suburban housewife. Gonna do whatever the man says.

Diane: (sighs) You're right. Let's get out of here.

Irving: So, now you're just gonna do whatever a teenage girl says? Jeezy kableezy, grow a spine.

Irving: Yeah, or a backbone. Thank you, Becca.

Diane: (groans) Ugh—

Fuzzyface: Here chicken, chicken, chicken.

Todd: Oh, oh.

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: Well, we're off to the beach. Just me and my wife, and our teenage daughter and our maid.

Diane: What? Why am I a maid?

Todd: Silence, maid! Honey, do you want to sit in the front or the back?

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: And why not? Maid, you can drive.

Diane: Ugh—

Todd: Hope there's not too much traffic on the 134. Okay, bye-bye, officer.

Fuzzyface: So long. Have a great day. (pause) Wait a second. The 134 doesn't go to the beach. Unless you took it to the 10. But then why wouldn't you take the 405 to the 10? Hold on, this pen isn't a Bic. No, no, this doesn't add up at all. Wait! That man's wife was a—chicken!!

    MSNBSea (news theme music plays) 

Tom Jumbo-Grumbo: Fowl run afoul. A funky chicken has flown the coop, and for a concerned populace, the sky is falling. Michael Morgan, Chicken 4 Dayz CEO, this is a public safety hazard, and your company is responsible. Admit it, you counted your chickens before they hatched, and now, those chickens have come home to roost.

Michael Morgan: Tom, I want to take full responsibility for this mishap. That's why, for a limited time, everybody, we are offering our special Full Responsibility Poppers at participating restaurants for only $4.99.

Tom: Tell me, though, if one sees this delicious escaped chicken in the street, should they approach it, or—?

Michael: Oh, no. I want to be very clear that this is not like a friend chicken you see at school or work. This is a special kind of food chicken that has lived its entire life indoors. This chicken is not socialized for the outside world.

Tom: Sounds like my ex-wife. Hey-yo!

Michael: (chuckles) Oh, Tommy. Look, the safest place for this chicken right now is with us, so we can kill it, turn it into a sludge, and then press that sludge into a delicious patty.

Tom: I'd like to take this moment to apologize for the earlier crack about my ex-wife. Shannon, we shared 14 beautiful years together. (to Michael) How do you respond to allegations that factory farming is "torture," or "cruel," or "like a terrifying movie about some strange dystopian society, but in this monster story, the horrifying monsters are us"?

Michael: Relax, Tommy, everything we do is completely legal and FDA-approved, so, therefore, it is fine.

Tom: I have no follow-up questions.

    Kelsey's car 

Diane: Okay, Todd, what's your plan?

Todd: What?

Diane: You said you had a plan?

Todd: Oh yeah, my plan was: Ask Diane for help. And now my plan has been completed. Nice follow-through, Todd.

Diane: We have a 'roided out chicken in our car and the cops on the lookout. What are we gonna do?

Irving: Hey, geniuses, why don't we take her to Gentle Farms?

Todd: Yeah, no one knows chicken like chickens! They couldn't say that in the ad if it wasn't true.

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: Yeah! Book Beck. You remember.

Diane: (groans) Ugh—

"Have you seen This Chicken?"

    SET 

Kelsey: And cut! Company move to—

BoJack: Great news, blue-collar types. Instead of crew lunch today, your star has arranged for his favorite burrito truck to bring you lunch. It's me, I'm that star!

(all cheering)

Kelsey: BoJack, we're not breaking for lunch yet.

BoJack: Or we could break for lunch, and you and I could get to know each other.

Kelsey: The crew has more work to do. Once they've had a burrito, they'll be off their circadian rhythm— (cell phone rings) What?

Fuzzyface: (on the phone) Los Angeles P.D. Are you the owner of a 2002 Volvo with a "Reelect Al Gore" bumper sticker?

Kelsey: As relevant today as it was then.

Fuzzyface: Are you aware said Volvo is currently harboring a fugitive chicken, along with a teenage girl, a small, sprite-like man, and a maid of some sort?

Kelsey: That's my daughter! Not the maid. The other one.

Fuzzyface: I'd wager they're making a run for Gentle Farms. Don't worry, though. We'll bring your daughter home, dead or alive.

Kelsey: Alive! Alive!

Fuzzyface: We're the L.A.P.D., ma'am. We'll probably make the right call.

Kelsey: Wait, wait, wait—

    L.A.P.D. 

Fuzzyface: All right, troops, listen up! I'm ready to go after these rabble-rousers with all—

Police Chief: Oh, no! Not until you get a warrant!

Fuzzyface: Ah, damn it, I hate due process!

Police Chief: You're a loose cannon, Meow Meow Fuzzyface.

Fuzzyface: No, I'm not. I'm a cannon, maybe, but a loose cannon? Is that what you think of me?

Cop Two: I think you play by your own rules.

Cop Three: No way, he thinks rules were made to be broken.

Police Chief: These are all attributes of a loose cannon.

Fuzzyface: No, I'm just a reckless renegade. Sergeant Stone's a loose cannon.

Sergeant Stone: Aah! You shut your trap, Fuzzyface!

Cop Three: I'd say Stone's more of a cop on the edge with nothing to lose. That's an entirely different thing.

Cop Two: Now I'm just confused. Is Meow Meow Fuzzyface a loose cannon or not?

Police Chief: All right, put on a pot of coffee. We're gonna get to the bottom of this.

Sergeant Stone: (groans)

Fuzzyface: Aw, man.

    SET 

Woman: So full of burrito.

Man: Ooh.

BoJack: Uh-oh, siesta time.

Kelsey: I need to go. Irving ran off with a fugitive chicken in my car.

BoJack: We can take my car. This is perfect.

Kelsey: Why is this perfect? My daughter could be in danger.

BoJack: Yes, I agree, but we can use the car ride to get some one-on-one. I mean, who is BoJack?

Kelsey: I'm sure I can find another ride.

BoJack: Every second you waste finding another ride, your daughter gets another second closer to getting her eyes poked out by a deranged mutant chicken, or worse, death, or slightly better, teen pregnancy, or worse again, salmonella.

Kelsey: Okay, fine. Let's go.

BoJack: Yay! I'm calling this road trip the 007, because we are gonna bond. Up top? Down low? Either one? Both?

    Gentle Farms Chicken 

Diane: Oh, wow, you guys have a movie night here?

Todd: Oh—

Farmer: And we have 20 acres of pasture, where our chickens have hours of free play.

Diane: See, Todd? She'll be happy here.

Farmer: She sure will.

Farmer and his kid: Because no one knows chicken like chickens.

Farmer's Kid: Thank you for saving this poultry from a terrible life at a factory farm. You're a hero.

Todd: But what if Chicken 4 Dayz tries to get her back?

Farmer: Oh, Don't you worry about your friend. That chicken belongs to us now.

Diane: Whoa! Where'd you get that gun?

Farmer: You mean originally, or just now?

Diane: Just now.

Farmer: It was in that barrel.

Irving: And what about originally?

Farmer: Also that barrel.

Todd: Look, Becca, I know this is hard to understand, but I have to go, and you can't come with me.

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: No, no, you don't need to book Beck anymore. Now you can just be a chicken. See, this is where you belong, okay? You hear me? I don't want you no more. You weren't the best friend I ever had, and I never loved you! Now get, Becca!! I said get!! (sobbing)

Becca: (clucking)

Diane: She really stretched out that dress.

    BoJack's car 

BoJack: She was so horrified, she checked into rehab. So, I'm kind of the reason Drew Barrymore got sober. Did you like Never Been Kissed? because If so, you're welcome.

Kelsey: Can we have one conversation that isn't about you? I don't understand why you need me to like you so much.

BoJack: I don't need you to like me. It would be fun if you liked me, because I'd prove to myself that my parents were wrong to never support me, because I now earned the admiration of an authority figure, thus proving I have intrinsic worth, but it's not a big deal or anything. Jeez.

Kelsey: Great story, BoJack. You should put that in a podcast, so I can unsubscribe. Can this piece of junk go any faster?

BoJack: It's been acting screwy since I hit that deer a couple weeks back. Probably should get it checked out.

(tire blows, both yelling)

Kelsey: (sighs)

BoJack: Probably should've gotten it checked out.

    Kelsey's car 

Diane: Those farmers seem nice.

Todd: Yeah. I think Becca will be really happy there.

Diane: She'll have a nice life.

Todd: Yeah, until they—kill her.

Diane: Well, yeah, but of all the places that will eventually kill her, Gentle Farms seems like the best.

Todd: This doesn't feel right. Becca was our friend. No. We gotta get her back.

Irving: Uh, what do you mean? Remember when that guy cocked his gun and said: "That chicken belongs to us now"? He wasn't doing that because he likes cocking guns.

Todd: Then we'll just bust her out1

Diane: Todd, there's nothing we can do. Where else would Becca go? She doesn't even speak English.

Todd: Well, we gotta do something. Look, I know I'm a screw-up and all my ideas are terrible, but with Becca, I was responsible for something. I had a purpose. Ah. I guess you wouldn't understand.

Diane: (groans)

(tires screeching, Irving and todd yell)

Irving: Oh, my God, Diane!

Diane: All right. Let's bust her out.

Todd: Yes! Okay, and afterwards, will you get me an iPad?

Diane: What? No.

Todd: But I really want an iPad. Maybe you wouldn't understand.

Diane: Don't push it.

    L.A.P.D. 

Police Chief: All right, all right, we've agreed. He's a loose cannon, but he gets results.

Fuzzyface: I can live with that.

Police Chief: Now, you go bust those perps. You'll need a maverick, a by-the-book rookie, and a curmudgeonly veteran one week from retirement. Go, go, go!

    MSBNSea (news theme music plays) 

Tom: We have received word that authorities are now en route to Gentle Farms in an attempt to preempt the pursued poultry at the pass. Do we have a graphic for this? No? Where's the graphic? No, I'm not gonna go on until we have a graphic. So, make one. I'll wait. Yeah, hold on, America, Randy's gotta figure out how to do his job. Because if I don't have a graphic, Randy, people who are just tuning in— Why am I explaining this to you? This is basic journalistic—I swear to God! We'll be right back!

    BoJack's car 

BoJack: Just got to place the jack in the right jack apparatus. There, I have got— No, just kidding, I have no idea what I'm doing. That was me, acting. Pretty convincing performance, huh? Perhaps there's more to me—

Kelsey: Are you capable of experiencing a single moment that you don't then make about you? What was your plan to get out of here?

BoJack: I don't know. Some hick'll come by at some point, and I'll give him an autograph in exchange for a tow. Boom, his life's changed, and you and I are on our way.

Kelsey: Oh, my God. I'm going to lose custody of my daughter. The only reason I took this movie is for her. This is my one shot at a big studio movie. And if I blow it, I'm back to making small, critically acclaimed movies about lesbians learning how to recycle. You think I want to be an indie darling? Who's gonna fund Irving's education? Marla? With her seasonal nut butters?

BoJack: Yeah, Marla sucks, right?

Kelsey: Indie-darling daughters don't go to Brown, okay? They end up at cute pat-on-the-back factories like Vassar, and then move back in with their indie-darling mothers and make weird puppet shows with their tampons, and they get a profile in New York Magazine, and the horrible cycle continues. Oh, my God, I'm a terrible mother.

BoJack: Hey, I know terrible mothers, and you're not a terrible mother.

Hick: Hey, aren't you the horse from Horsin' Around? And you're the director of Women Who Love Women Who Love Recycling. Give you a lift in exchange for a couple autographs.

BoJack: There he is. Right on time.

    Gentle Farms 

Todd: Shh, shh, shh. Everyone keep quiet. We gotta—Ooh. Whoa, whoa, whoa! (grunting)

(wind chimes tinkling, gong sounds)

Todd: They probably didn't hear that. Uh, that's probably a coincidence.

Farmer: Someone broke onto the farm!

Todd: Maybe they're rehearsing a one-act play called Someone Broke Onto the Farm and someone just said the titular line?

(door opens)

Diane: (gasps) This way.

Irving: Oh.

Diane: Irving, this isn't safe. Get in the car, lock the doors. Don't try to be a badass and argue with me—

Irving: Yeah, okay, bye!

Diane: Okay. Go, go, go!

Todd: (panting)

(clucking)

Todd: Uh—

(clucking)

Todd: Becca?

Farmer: Who's making that ruckus in my chicken coop?

    Roosting coop 

(all clucking loudly)

Todd: Becca, where are you?

Diane: Becca, are you? Becca?

Todd: Is this you?

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: Becca?

Becca: To—To—Todd?

Todd: Oh, I found her! Diane! This one's Becca!

Diane: No! Todd! Don't you get it? They're all Becca.

Todd: Oh.

Diane: Okay, go, chickens! You're free. Go, run to freedom! For generations they will tell your story!

Farmer: Who goes there?

Todd: Oh, oh, oh, shit!

Diane: We gotta hide!

Todd: Go, go, go! (panting) Hide, hide! In here! Someplace safe. Come on, come on. Oh, no!

Becca: (clucking)

Diane: Shh, shh. Becca, no, no, no!

Todd: Shh.

Farmer: Only we know how to care for these creatures, you hear? Like I say: "No one knows chicken like chickens." (cocks gun, laughs)

Todd: Oh, Diane, I'm sorry I got you into this.

Diane: (sighs) It's not your fault.

Todd: I don't know why I always get into these—messes. You know, sometimes I feel like my whole life is just a series of loosely-related wacky misadventures.

Diane: I think that's just what being in your 20s is.

Todd: Really?

Diane: Yeah. I'm supposed to be the adult here, and I'm a total mess.

Todd: are You kidding? You're the coolest person I know.

Diane: Really?

Todd: Yeah. And you always know what to do, and you don't take shit from anyone.

Diane: Is that how you see me?

Todd: Of course. You're like Lara Croft. In Diane's body.

Farmer: (cocks gun)

Todd: (whimpering)

Diane: Alright, this is our chance. Let's go!

Todd: Come on, Becca!

Diane: Go, go, go!

(all gasping)

Farmer's Wife: Please. Take me with you. I hate it here. I don't want to kill chickens. I want to design video games that help kids learn math.

Todd: Oh—

Irving: Whoa!

Diane: I am—so sorry.

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: Okay, that was crazy! Just go. Let's get out of here!

Diane: We're free, we're free!

Irving: Oh, shit.

(siren whoops, tires screech)

Fuzzyface: Well, well, looks like birds of a feather— go to jail.

Becca: (clucking)

Todd: Why was he wearing sunglasses at night?

    Hollywoo hills Super-max 

Fuzzyface: I hope you folks like community service.

Diane: I do.

Fuzzyface: What? Oh.

Kelsey: Oh, my God, Irving, thank God you're safe.

Irving: Mom, I'm fine. Stop embarrassing me in front of my cool friends.

Diane: What? Cool? I mean— that's cool that you think I'm cool. I don't care or anything, but, you know, it's cool.

Kelsey: Hey, this guy. What'd you get arrested for? Being too cute?

Todd: (chuckles)

Kelsey: I want to be in his cell.

BoJack: Listen up, everybody. I, famous celebrity BoJack Horseman, have an announcement. I'm gonna ask you to drop all charges against my friends on account of me being a celebrity. We gracefully accept the requisite slap on the wrist and a brief, but ultimately pointless, trial in the court of public opinion. Good day.

Fuzzyface: Well, you are famous, so you are all free to go.

Sergeant Stone: (yells)

Todd: But what about Becca?

BoJack: Took care of that, too. Called in a favor with Drew Barrymore, and she'll pay off Chicken 4 dayz to adopt your feathered friend.

Todd: Does she have a meadow that Becca can frolic around in?

BoJack: You think Drew Barrymore doesn't have a frolicking meadow? That is the dumbest thing I've ever heard. You know, I learned something today. Sometimes, when you think something isn't about you, you find a way to save the day and in the end of the day realize that it was, all along, all about you.

Kelsey: (groans) Ugh!

BoJack: Plus, I got you all a burrito truck!

All: Hooray!

BoJack: Yay! I'm great!

    Kelsey's car 

Irving: So, after all that, the only thing that saved Becca was that BoJack was friends with Drew Barrymore?

BoJack: Yep.

Irving: So, did anything we did matter?

BoJack: Nope.

Diane: I think it did. I think we made a difference. A small one, but a difference.

Todd: Yeah, I think we did, too. I think we really changed things for the better.

    "Chicken-4-Days Sign: 6 billion served" 

Oxnard: As your accountant, I felt it necessary to do this in person.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Us, too. Because we're really accounting on you—

Oxnard: Oh, no.

Mr. Peanutbutter: —to get in on the ground floor of this exciting new—

Oxnard: No-no, don't do this. Please, God, no.

Mr. Peanutbutter: —PB Livin' product.

Todd: Has this ever happened to you?

Oxnard: No-no-no, whatever it is, it hasn't happened. Nothing has ever happened to me. Stop.

Mr. Peanutbutter: You say you love a toasted bagel.

Oxnard: I would never say that. I have celiac disease.

Todd: Ding. Bagel's ready—

Oxnard: Oh, no.

Todd: —but wait—

Oxnard: Son of a—Hey!

Todd: —that bagel was too fast.

Mr. Peanutbutter: That's why PB Livin' presents, the Bagel Catcher. For all those hard-to-catch bagels.

Oxnard: No, no. Stop. Enough. Enough. Stop talking! I can't take it anymore! PB Livin' is filing for bankruptcy! I'm shutting you down.

Todd: I thought you were a customer. I don't get what's happening.

Oxnard: What's happening is you two knuckleheads threw thousands of dollars into a bunch of dumb ideas. You paid 50 grand to a bunch of kindergartners for the movie rights to the game "Tag."

Mr. Peanutbutter: Our business manager was over the moon for that one.

Oxnard: Business manager? Who the hell is your business manager?!

    CUT 

Vincent Adultman: Business-wise, this all seems like appropriate business.

Oxnard: You two are done. This company is more in the red than Carrie on prom night.

Mr. Peanutbutter: So, what you're saying is, we're just one great idea away from breaking even?

Oxnard: No. You're—(groans) You are out of money. Mr.Peanutbutter, you need to get a job.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Are you hiring at your accounting firm?

Oxnard: Dude, no.

Mr. Peanutbutter: I'm waiting for my agent. He'll be with me any moment. Mr.Peanutbutter is going back to work. (LATER) He's probably just organizing all the amazing opportunities. I haven't heard from him in years, so they've probably been piling up. (LATER) Maybe I should just go check on 'im. Hello, Ronnie? It's your favorite client, Mr.Peanutbutter. Well, I'm coming in. I hope you're— Oh! Oh, my God. Ronnie, how'd you get that belt stuck around your neck, then caught on the filing cabinet, which made your pants fall down while you were researching pornograph— Oh, I see what happened here.

    BoJack's House 

Both: (on TV, unison) Morning time, Hollywoo.

A Ryan Seacrest Type: I'm A Ryan Seacrest Type.

Some Lady: And I'm Some Lady. Here's a thing written on a card. Last night, major Hollywoo agent Ronnie Bonito was found dead in his office—

A Ryan: Ruh-roh.

Some Lady: —in what authorities are calling a mishap of a sexual nature.

A Ryan: What does that mean?

Some Lady: You know, auto-erotic asphyxiation.

A Ryan: Auto-a-what's it who's it? Oh, is that that thing where you strangle yourself in an attempt to heighten sexual arousal?

Some Lady: It sure is.

A Ryan: (spitting)

(both laughing)

Some Lady: Coming up, a food truck that serves just one thing: gravy.

BoJack: Did you hear that? New food truck. We should go.

Wanda: I'm in.

Todd: Hey, can I get some lunch money? It's pizza day today.

BoJack: Sure thing, sport. Wait, where is it pizza day?

Todd: In my tummy.

BoJack: Oh, for—

Wanda: Hey, BoJack, would you zip me up? My shoulder is killing me. I'm not sleeping right. We need to do something about that bed. Just because I'm nocturnal doesn't mean I wanna be up all night.

BoJack: I propped it up with a Golden Globe.

Wanda: It still wobbles.

BoJack: Yeah. Anyway, I got you something.

Wanda: Oh. A beeper? BoJack, it's great, but you know, I already have one.

BoJack: Yeah, you have a beeper, but I don't. Now, you can page me whenever you want.

Wanda: Huh. (kissing) BoJack, I love it, and you're gonna love it, too. There's all kinds of codes we can send each other. "Zero, zero, zero" is "call me," and "1-2-3" is "I miss you" and "8-0-0-8-5" is boobs.

BoJack: What? Boobs? Oh, my God. What scamp came up with that one? Okay, I gotta go. Dinner tonight?

Wanda: Totally. Let's hit that gravy truck.

(kissing)

BoJack: Okay, love ya'. (pause) Uh—

Wanda: Uh.

BoJack: No, I don't. Aw—"I love you. No, I don't"? Uh— Keys. Uh-oh. Get out.


    VIGOR 

Princess Carolyn: Hold it. Hold the elevator. Ooh. Ah. Ee. Ow. Goddamit. No. No. Ow. Oh. Ow. Oh—

Rutabaga: Coffee? Hup.

Princess Carolyn: Rutabaga, this day already sucks. My heel broke while I was at this new food truck, and I spilled a handful of gravy all over myself because they don't sell bowls, just gravy.

Rutabaga: Should've gone to the bowl truck first. That's where they get ya'.

Princess Carolyn: Well, I guess the upside to being invisible around here is that none of these assholes will ever notice what a mess I am.

Rutabaga: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I see what a mess you are.

Princess Carolyn: Aw—

Rutabaga: Do you need the movie-star speech?

Princess Carolyn: No, no, I'll be okay. And how are you?

Rutabaga: I gotta look at paint for the new kitchen. I have to pick a shade that won't clash with the splatter of blood from when I blow my brains out after talking to Katie about paint swatches all day. (chuckles) We do have fun.


    Mr. Peanutbutter's House 

Diane: So, what's the plan for today? Find a new agent, go on auditions?

Mr. Peanutbutter: No, I'm gonna do exactly what landed me Mr.Peanutbutter's House, oh, so long ago. Wander around L.A. with an open mind and an empty stomach until I get discovered.

Diane: But also, like, find a new agent and go on auditions, right? Or should I start stealing food from work?

Mr. Peanutbutter: I'm just gonna go with the flow and leave everything up to destiny. "Que sera quesadilla."

Diane: You know we could lose the house, right?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Diane.

Diane: Right?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Diane, Diane, Diane. Diane—

    Secretariat Set 

BoJack: Diane—

Diane: Aah! I wasn't stealing paper towels to use as dinner napkins. Why?

BoJack: Here's a funny question for you: If Mr. Peanutbutter said, "I love you. No, I don't," would you need to talk about that later and figure out what he meant by that? Probably not, right? Because they're meaningless words? I mean, language evolves, right? How can anyone know what anything means? The answer is nobody can and nothing means anything, so why bother talking about anything, right?

Diane: In this scenario, are Mr. Peanutbutter and I living in our house? Or are we squatting in an abandoned Barnes & Noble burning books to keep warm as we struggle through our Dickensian-style poverty?

BoJack: Uh—"Zero, zero, zero." No idea what that means.

Diane: I think it means "call me."

BoJack: Ignore. Wait, where's the ignore button? How do I ignore?

Diane: I think with a beeper, you just ignore it.

BoJack: With what, my mind?!

Diane: You seem a little stressed out.

BoJack: Well, that's just because as soon as I'm done with work, I have to have a long, awkward conversation with Wanda about our relationship, unless I'm never done with work. Diane, you magnificent bastard. That's it.

    MOVIE 

Corduroy: (acts) I'll be out there in the stands. And I'll be rooting for you, Secretariat.

BoJack: (acts) Mm. Yeah. Oh—

Kelsey: Your line is, "And I'll see you at the finish line."

BoJack: Yeah, I know. I'm acting. Great. Now I gotta start all over. Settle in, folks. We could be here a while.

Kelsey: Ow!

    VIGOR 

Princess Carolyn: Ooh.

Mr. Witherspoon: Ah, Princess Carolyn. So good of you to join us eventually.

Princess Carolyn: Sorry I'm late. I had the worst morning.

Mr. Witherspoon: You know who had an even "the worst-er" morning? Ronnie Bonito. Because he's dead.

Princess Carolyn: He is?

Mr. Witherspoon: He decided to strangle the dirty dangle and now that sweet chariot has come for to carry him home. Everyone who was here on time is taking a moment.

Princess Carolyn: Of silence?

Mr. Witherspoon: Yes. Also to reach out to his former clients.

Princess Carolyn: To offer their condolences?

Mr. Witherspoon: Yes. Also to recruit them to the Vigor roster. A Vigor agent is a vigorous agent.

Princess Carolyn: Who do you want me to call? I have ins with a bunch of Bonito's clients including all the major J's: Law, Lo, Leno, and J. Abrams.

Mr. Witherspoon: Oh, that's wonderful news in the parallel universe in which you were on time today. In this reality, however, we're all good. You can lap up the leftovers though.

Princess Carolyn: Mr. Peanutbutter?

Mr. Witherspoon: Oh, and Princess Carolyn? Get your shoe fixed. You look like a woman from an '80s deodorant commercial.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Here I go. Destiny, don't fail me now. Yeah. Hitting the pavement. This is how it happens for a guy like me. Ugh, ew—Out of my way, flyer. Ugh. Flyer. Why do you have to be on my shoe in front of this store? Wait, a second. Shoe. Store. Shoe store? Shoe store! "Team players wanted?" Oh, I'm such a good team player, I make all the other team players look like garbage. Lady Footlocker, meet your lord.

    Secretariat Set 

BoJack: (acts) Finish—(sighs) line.

Kelsey: Great, we got it. We got one take. And now we gotta stop for the day.

BoJack: What? No. Why stop now? I'm just getting warmed up.

Kelsey: Union rules. We're done. Go home.

BoJack: Go home? Why go home when we could extend this long day's journey into night? Drinks on me, folks.

Corduroy: I could use a drink. Or six.

BoJack: Great, Corduroy's driving. Let's go.

    BELLICAN'S 

Corduroy: Ah—I really needed this, BoJack.

BoJack: Me, too.

Corduroy: Yeah, man. This day's been really hard on me. Ever since I heard about that agent who died from that blue-face blastoff?

BoJack: "Blue-face blastoff?"

Corduroy: The strokey chokey? The two-neck squeeze?

BoJack: What?

Corduroy: You know, the one hand on the Adam's apple, the other one's on the Adam's banana?

BoJack: Oh, right. Right. Yeah. The auto-erotic—

Corduroy: That could've been me, you know. I used to really be into that stuff. I was a hardcore gasper.

BoJack: I can't believe you have so many names for it.

Corduroy: And now I can't stop thinking about it. I shouldn't even be alive right now man, you know.

BoJack: we don't need to talk about how you masturbate.

Corduroy: The orgasms you get—

BoJack: Okay, I guess we do.

Corduroy: —it's like seeing a rainbow, but with all the colors.

BoJack: So, like a normal rainbow?

Corduroy: But it's too dangerous, man. They say if you bite down on a lemon right at the point of climax, the lemon juice gives you the jolt you need to not pass out and die. But still man, you're just— rolling the dice.

BoJack: Okay, this is getting really graphic. Can we maybe please talk about anything else?

Corduroy: Sure.

BoJack: Thank God.

Corduroy: Hey, man, it's funny you should mention God, because my new thing is— the Bible.

BoJack: Uh—

Corduroy: Tell me, have you accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior?

BoJack: So, noose-wise, what are we talking? You use a standard sailor's knot or more like your average birthday-present bow?

    BoJack's House 

Wanda: I beeped you, BoJack.

BoJack: Oh, hey. About this morning

Wanda: It's fine.

BoJack: Because when I said that—

Wanda: I said it's fine. You don't love me. That's okay. I don't love you.

BoJack: Wha—what?

Wanda: Good night.

    LATER 

Both: Morning time, Hollywoo.

A Ryan: I'm A Ryan Seacrest Type.

Some Lady: And I'm Some Lady.

A Ryan: On today's show, I sit down with Hank Hippopopalous to discuss his new smash hit, "Hey, I Think You Can Dance." Can you talk about your process?

Hank: When I see someone, and I think they can dance, I say, "Hey, I think you can dance." And when I think they can't dance, I say, "No, I don't think you can dance." And that is pretty much it.

A Ryan: Fascinating—

BoJack: So, last night when—

Wanda: BoJack, it's not a big deal. You don't love me, I don't love you. We're having a good time. It's fine.

BoJack: You can't just say, "I don't love you" to someone.

Wanda: You said it to me.

BoJack: Yeah, but that was different.

Wanda: How was that different?

BoJack: Because you do love me. Right? Like a little bit?

Wanda: No.

Todd: Uh, for what it's worth, I love both you guys.

BoJack: Shut up, Todd. Grown-ups are talking.

    SHOE-STORE 

Man: Here you go, ma'am.

Mr. Peanutbutter: Jessica Atkinson, come on down.

Princess Carolyn: Mr.Peanutbutter?

Mr. Peanutbutter: Would you like to see what's in box number one or box number two? Either way, it's a brand-new pair of shoes!

    VIGOR 

Princess Carolyn: Oh.

Rutabaga: Hup. Ca-ro-lyn.

Princess Carolyn: Rutabaga

Rutabaga: Coffee? I was thinking about you last night while Katie and I were locked in a fascinating debate about counter granite. And what if I told you I used to work Ronnie Bonito's desk, and I happen to know that he had a client so hush-hush, it wasn't even on the master list.

Princess Carolyn: What?! Who? Tell me. Whoa!

Rutabaga: Beloved novelist J.D. Salinger. Wha-a-t?!

Princess Carolyn: The author of Catcher in the Rye? And—others?

Rutabaga: Yuh-huh.

Princess Carolyn: Isn't he dead?

Rutabaga: He's "reclusive." Dude wanted to be left alone so much, he faked his own death.

Princess Carolyn: Oh, my God. Why are you giving this lead to me?

Rutabaga: Because I like you, dummy.

Princess Carolyn: Huh.

Rutabaga: Now we gotta wait for the fire department to come let us out of this elevator.

    BoJack's Trailer 

Corduroy: Hey.

BoJack: Corduroy, what are you doing here?

Corduroy: I need a favor. Can you hold on to this for me?

BoJack: Ew. Is this your Bible?

Corduroy: No, no, no, no. It's my choking-off kit.

BoJack: Your kit?

Corduroy: Yeah. It has all my supplies. Silk ties, a leather gag, velvet sock, lemon. You gotta take this off my hands. I can't trust myself with this thing.

BoJack: Yeah, I don't know if I want your jack-off kit at my house.

Corduroy: Please, man. I got this girlfriend. She loves me. If I fall back into the old gasp-and-goo, it'll break her heart.

BoJack: Wait. So, you're saying if someone loves you, they don't want you to choke yourself while masturbating?

Corduroy: Yeah. It's really dangerous.

BoJack: All right. I'll take it.

Corduroy: Thanks, BoJack.

BoJack: I still don't understand why you need a kit, though. Can't you just use, like, a belt or a rope?

Corduroy: Oh, I guess. I mean, I guess you could use anything. I mean, you could use an iPhone charger, a shoelace, a necktie, a jump-rope—

    BICYCLE-STORE 

Princess Carolyn: Hm—Oh. Ooh. Oh, hello. I'm looking for some—

J.D. Salinger: Sorry, no looking allowed. This store is for customers only.

Princess Carolyn: Okay, then, I would like to buy a bicycle. What would you recommend? One with a bell, or—?

J.D. Salinger: Alright, you got me. I don't know anything about bicycles. I'm J.D. Salinger. I faked my own death.

Princess Carolyn: Mr.Salinger. Such a pleasure. Princess Carolyn, big fan.

J.D. Salinger: Let me guess, Catcher in the Rye?

Princess Carolyn: And others. I wanna say The Hobbi—

J.D. Salinger: Nope.

Princess Carolyn: Look. I'm an agent. It doesn't matter whether I've read your work. What matters is I can look you in the eye and tell you I'm A big fan. The world is ready for your comeback, and I wanna help.

J.D. Salinger: No, thank you. Not interested. Did that before, didn't work out well. Fans were relentless. The critics were cruel. And that's why my motto is, "It's better to be alone." Which, come to think of it, is probably why I don't sell a lot of tandem bicycles.

Princess Carolyn: But, J.D.Salinger, you are J.D. Salinger. You are a goddamn American treasure.

J.D. Salinger: But every time I go out in the world, people hound me about my books. Well, book.

Princess Carolyn: What if I told you there was a place where no one reads books?

J.D. Salinger: I'm listening.

Princess Carolyn: A place where people only read headlines, lists and pictures. A place where people hate reading so much, they hire others to do it for them and don't even pay a living wage.

J.D. Salinger: What do you mean, like, modern reading slaves?

Princess Carolyn: Exactly. And all those modern reading slaves really wanna be doing is writing things that, one day, other people will also avoid reading.

J.D. Salinger: Does such a place truly exist?

Princess Carolyn: Come with me, J.D. Salinger. Let's go to Hollywoo.

    BoJack's House 

BoJack: Hup! Oh—Hey.

Wanda: Hey.

BoJack: We need to talk.

Wanda: Okay.

BoJack: You're probably wondering what this beautiful mahogany box is.

Wanda: I wasn't wondering that.

BoJack: It's my auto-erotic asphyxiation kit. I've decided—to do the funky Spider Man.

Wanda: What? Funky Spider Man?

BoJack: I came up with that one myself. It's because he hangs, then he shoots webbing.

Wanda: Wait. Are you saying you want to auto-erotic asphyxiate yourself?

BoJack: Yes. I do. Even though it's very dangerous and I could die.

Wanda: Oh.

BoJack: Now, if you love me, you probably wouldn't want me to do it—

Wanda: Okay. I get it.

BoJack: — but since you don't, I should do it, right? I mean, there's no reason not to— unless you love me.

Wanda: Do it.

BoJack: Wait. Seriously?

Wanda: Seems like you've already made up your mind. If you're that set on it, knock yourself out.

BoJack: (chuckles) Only if I do it wrong. Because as I mentioned before, it's very dangerous.

Wanda: Have fun.

BoJack: I'm serious. I'm really gonna do it.

Wanda: Great. Put a towel down. Not one of the good ones.

    LATER 

Both: (on TV, Unison) Morning time, Hollywoo.

A Ryan: I'm A Ryan Seacrest Type.

An Actress or Something: And I'm An Actress Or Something, I don't know, sitting in for Some Lady.

A Ryan: Whoa! What happened to her?

An Actress or Something: She got kidnapped.

A Ryan: Oh, boy. (chuckles) Oh, my. Ooh, wow.

Wanda: Oh, hey. Look who survived to masturbate another day.

BoJack: Well, I didn't do it yet, obviously. If I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna go all out. A big job like that needs lumber, and pulleys, lemons, so forth. I'm not gonna half-ass anything. This is my orgasm we're talking about.

Wanda: Okay. Well, I wish you all the best.

BoJack: Not too late to stop me.

Wanda: I'm not gonna stop you.

BoJack: Good 'cause don't.

Wanda: All right, we're in agreement.

Todd: Stop fighting! Can't you two see what this is doing to me? I've been acting out.

Wanda: Have a great day.

BoJack: Todd? Get in the car. It's time to get serious about auto-erotic asphyxiation.

Todd: Hooray! —Question mark?

    LOWERS (Hardware Store) 

BoJack: Just play it cool, Todd. No one needs to know why we're here. Excuse me, I'm looking for something that will hold up a lot of weight. Let's say something that could hoist up a horse comfortably by the neck. Not for suicide purposes. I'm trying to have a more fulfilling orgasm.

    VIGOR 

Princess Carolyn: The world wept when news broke that J.D. Salinger died.

Wanda: J.D. Salinger died?

Princess Carolyn: But I'm here to tell you, he didn't die.

Wanda: J.D. Salinger didn't die?

Princess Carolyn: As one of the 20th century's most celebrated authors, J.D. Salinger has inspired countless dreamers, eighth graders and occasionally, assassins. His spare lyricism and devotion to character will undoubtedly translate into a penetrating dramatic work for this, the golden age of television writing. J.D. Take it away.

J.D. Salinger: I wanna do a show where people ask celebrities trivia questions.

Princess Carolyn: What?

Wanda: Like a game show?

J.D. Salinger: Yeah. You know because since they're famous people, I think normal people would wanna see if they know trivia and stuff. You know, like, Hollywoo stars and celebrities, what do they know? Do they know things? Let's find out.

Wanda: What a hoot. I love it, and I don't use that word with just anybody. What do you call it?

J.D. Salinger: I call it "Hollywoo Stars and What Do They Know? Do They Know Things? Let's Find Out."

Princess Carolyn: It's maybe more of a working title.

Wanda: I can see it on the marquee already.

Princess Carolyn: Boy, must be a long marquee.

Wanda: It's long.

J.D. Salinger: Yeah, yeah. The celebrities can also do physical challenges.

Wanda: Oh, it's perfect. We've been searching for a companion for "Hey, I Think You Can Dance." But wait, wait one second. Who's gonna host?

Princess Carolyn: Huh. I've got the perfect guy.

    SHOE-STORE 

Mr. Peanutbutter: Who wants to be in Nike Airs? Claire, you are looking off the charts "gorge" in those tennis shoes. But would you like to buy a towel? Because I'm throwing one in for free.

J.D. Salinger: He's perfect.

Princess Carolyn: Mm-hm. Mr.Peanutbutter? How would you like to be the host of J.D. Salinger's new celebrity game show?

Mr. Peanutbutter: What?! I knew destiny had a plan for me. You know, it just goes to show, with the right attitude, every single one of your dreams will always come true. And if your dreams don't come true, it's probably because you just didn't have the right attitude.

    VIGOR 

Mr. Witherspoon: Today, one agent did something that no one else could. I'll give you two hints: catcher and rye.

Princess Carolyn: Oh. Nothing. It's nothing.

Mr. Witherspoon: Charley Witherspoon caught a rye bagel coming out of the toaster.

Princess Carolyn: Come again?

Charley: It was coming fast and hot.

Mr. Witherspoon: One day, some genius will invent some sort of bagel catcher that takes the guesswork out of this task, but until then, Charley gets a gold star.

Charley: Thanks, Dad. I mean, Mr.Dad.

Princess Carolyn: Oh—

    BoJack's House 

Wanda: Oh, boy. Hey. Wasn't sure if I'd see you.

BoJack: Still alive? Because auto-erotic asphyxiation is so risky? Well, here I am, for now.

Wanda: BoJack— Wait. Did you fix the bed?

BoJack: Yeah. Well, I was at the hardware store picking up supplies for my auto-erotic asphyxiation machine. Because, as you are aware, I'm preparing to auto-erotic asphyxiate myself and I figured I'd get stuff for the bed too, so at least you could get a good night's sleep.

Wanda: Okay, BoJack, do you wanna talk about the elephant in the room?

Elephant: Wow. Okay. You know what? You know what? Here's— First of all— Wow. All right, I can't even— You know what? I— Wow.

BoJack: He is never gonna forget that.

Wanda: What is this all about?

BoJack: This isn't about anything but the pursuit of the kind of orgasm that feels like a rainbow with every color.

Wanda: So, a regular rainbow.

BoJack: No. So, if you don't mind, as long as you don't love me, I have a noose to step into. I just need to release this lever, drop these bags of sand, which act as counterweights, and then just pull this nozzle. Perfect.

Wanda: Okay. Have fun.

BoJack: Wait, Wanda.

Wanda: Okay, fine, you stupid baby. I love you.

BoJack: I—I knew— it.

Wanda: But I'm not going to tell you not to do the funky Spider-Man.

BoJack: What?

Wanda: You need to be responsible for yourself.

BoJack: That doesn't sound like me.

Wanda: I know. But if you love me, too, you won't do it.

BoJack: (sighs)

Wanda: I thought so.

BoJack: Okay. Just for the record, I never really wanted to do this in the first place, So me not doing it is not a sign that I love you. It's just because I'm a coward.

Wanda: Okay.

BoJack: I don't love you.

Wanda: Sure, you don't.

BoJack: I don't. Come back here. I don't love you. You don't make me feel less broken.

    VIGOR 

Princess Carolyn: I don't get it. I single-handedly got a Lady Footlocker store employee a prime-time show and resurrected a certified dead man and nobody cared. Why do I do anything?

Rutabaga: Hey. Do you need the movie star speech?

Princess Carolyn: (sighs) Yeah.

Rutabaga: Okay. Carolyn, you are the star of a movie and this is the part of the movie where you get your heart broken. Where the world tests you, and people treat you like shit. But it has to happen this way. Otherwise, the end of the movie, when you get everything you want, won't feel as rewarding. There are assholes out there, but in the end, they don't matter. Because this movie's not about them. It's never been about them. All this time, the movie's been about you.

Princess Carolyn: Thanks.

Rutabaga: Carolyn?

Princess Carolyn: Yes, Rutabaga?

Rutabaga: I think Katie and I are getting a divorce.

    Corduroy's Trailer 

BoJack: Corduroy? I don't want this thing anymore. Corduroy? Hey, you decent, man? Oh, sweet Jesus. 












Season 2 ep. 6

Scott Wolf: Thank you, Billy Crystal, for that impression of a black person. I'm Scott Wolf.
Matthew Fox: And I'm Matthew Fox.
Wolf: We may be a group of five on TV, but any of these next nominees would be welcome to join our party any day. The nominees for Male Animal in a Comedy, Drama or Variety Show are: BoJack Horseman, Horsin' Around.
Bojack: Now that's what I call horsin' around. Uh... Yeah.
Fox: Mr. Peanutbutter, Mr. Peanutbutter's House.
Mr. Peanutbutter: Now that's what I call doggin' around.
Wolf: And finally, my personal favorite, Hank Hippopopalous, Hank After Dark!
Hank Hippopopalous: Oh, boy, get it off, get it off. Hiya!
Wolf: And the animals' choice is...Hank Hippopopalous, Hank After Dark!
Wolf: No, no, no, no. It's because we're on a show called Party of Five. Get it?
Bojack: Hey, buddy, pass me that bottle of vodka?
Bartender: That's not really how this works.
BoJack: It's open bar, don't be a dick.
Mr. Peanutbutter: BoJack Horseman?
BoJack: Do I know you?
Mr. Peanutbutter: This is my better half, Katrina Peanutbutter. Katrina, BoJack.
Katrina: I don't watch TV. Can I get another drink now or will that quote, unquote "embarrass" you?
Mr. Peanutbutter: Uh, uh, no, I would never be--
Katrina: Erica! Throw me a raft. I'm dying.
Mr. Peanutbutter: My friends told me to get a prenup, but I was like, "Hey, marriage lasts forever."
BoJack: Listen, I'm kind of doing my own thing here.
Mr. Peanutbutter: Can you believe two guys like us were even in the same category as Hank Hippopopalous? That's Uncle Hanky.
BoJack: Listen, Peanutbottle, there is no "guys like us." I'm BoJack Horseman. You're just some other guy I'll probably never talk to again.
HANK Hippopopalous: Hey, boys. What is this, a crossover episode?
Mr. Peanutbutter: That is the funniest thing I have ever heard. Uncle Hanky. Sir, I am your biggest fan. I used to watch Hank Hippopopalous's Dance-Pop Cosmopolis every day after school. Hey, can I get a picture with you?
HANK Hippopopalous: Of course, kid.
MR. Peanutbutter: Here, let me advance this. And we probably got it. And we'll find out in four to six weeks.
HANK Hippopopalous: Yeah, I can't wait.
Mr. Peanutbutter: Okay, I gotta go. My wife's hand just disappeared into that busboy's pants.Treasure? Sweetheart? We're in public.
HANK Hippopopalous: Hey, kid, listen. Don't beat yourself up too bad. I've seen your show. You're really funny.
BoJack: Yeah?
Hippopopalous: Yeah. But I'm Uncle Hanky. You can't beat Uncle Hanky. That's just the way it is.
BoJack: Oh. This suit needs more flasks.
SEBASTIAN: Diane! Will you bring me one of those big Toblerone bars? 
Diane: Well, sure. But, you know, I won't be out there for another month.
SEBASTIAN: Yes, I know, but I always forget to write these things down. Tell me, how's your little movie?
Diane: Actually one of the stars just died. It's really sad.
SEBASTIAN: Oh, really? One person died? Just one? Yeah, well, that's a real tragedy. Meanwhile, Diane, here in Cordovia, I'm stitching children's arms back on. Oh, that's backwards, isn't it? Are you giving me a thumb's up or a thumb's down? I can't tell.
Diane: Well, now the production's on hiatus so BoJack and I are going on a book tour to promote the new paperback edition of One Trick Pony.
SEBASTIAN: Please get here soon, Diane. The people of Cordovia need you and I need that Toblerone.
Princess Carolyn: Okay, listen, you big dummy. You need to be on your best behavior for this tour. Don't do that BoJack thing where you go off-script and get a lot of people mad at you.
BoJack: What? I don't do that.
Princess Carolyn: You're a movie star now. Any bad press you get can hurt Secretariat.
BoJack: Please. We're going to Alaska. How am I gonna offend a bunch of inbred Eskimo blubber-munchers?
Princess Carolyn: You're right. What was I thinking?
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: The Republic of Cordovia's Prince Gustav visiting Los Angeles this week while his country rests on the brink of civil war. Prince Gustav is a ruthless despot, but I'd still rather share a bed with him than my ex-wife. Shannon, I didn't mean that.
Wanda: Listen. With Hey, I Think You Can Dance as a lead-in, we are expecting big things for Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities: What Do They Know? Do They Know Things? Let's Find Out, or H.S.A.C.W.D.T.K.D.T.K.T.L.F.O.for short. Why don't we get Hank in here? You guys can get some pictures together.
Mr. Peanutbutter: Hank is coming here?
Todd: That old guy from Hey, I Think You Can Dance? What's the big deal?
Mr. Peanutbutter: You don't understand. When I was a kid, this guy was the guy. I even bought his novelty rap album, The Hank Hippopopalous Hip-Hop Hypothesis.
Todd: You shouldn't meet your hero on an empty stomach. Want me to go get you some chili?
Mr. Peanutbutter: Good call. Chili is nature's chillaxative.
HANK Hippopopalous: Hiya, folks! Howdy! Hank Hippopopalous.
Mr. Peanutbutter: Oh, we've met.
HANK Hippopopalous: Oh, oh, yeah. I remember that.
Wanda: Okay, so, I thought for the ad, you guys could stand back to back. And then on the billboard it'll say: "Hank and Mr. Peanutbutter are back to back. Thursdays on MBN." 
Mr. Peanutbutter: So, what should I do with my arms? Like akimbo?
Wanda: You're fine.
Mr. Peanutbutter: Reverse akimbo?
Wanda: No, that--
Mr.Peanutbutter: King Tut? Mashed Potato? Windmill? Uh-oh, I'm windmilling. Got a momentum going. Can't stop windmilling now.
HANK Hippopopalous: Hey, hey. Why don't we just do what feels natural? Guys like us? We're pros.
Mr. Peanutbutter: "Guys like us"? You think I'm a guy like us? Oh, this is the happiest moment of my life. Excuse me, would you get a picture of us?
Wanda: Yeah, that's kind of the idea.
EARTHWORM: Now we open the floor to questions from the audience.
Moose: BoJack, your book talked a lot about how much you love apple fritters.
BoJack: Yeah, thanks for that, Diane.
Moose: So, my question is: Do you think Israel has a right to defend herself? And what part should the U.S. play as an ally?
BoJack: Well, the thing about that...Uh... It's a shame that Arafat walked away from the table in 2000. I mean, obviously there's no panacea, but a two-state solution with an emphasis on human rights feels like a place to begin.
Moose: Brilliant insight.
Woman: Very good.
WOMAN: My question is for Diane Nyu-- Nyu--- Nyu--
BOJACK: You won't get it. Ask the question.
WOMAN: Your book went to some revealing places. Were you worried at all that it would hurt BoJack or his career?
BoJack: That's a great question. I'd also like to know the answer to that, Diane.
Diane: Well, I think the truth is worth pursuing, no matter what. BoJack's not perfect. There are plenty of other celebrities who have done much worse things and it hasn't hurt their careers.
WOMAN: Like who?
Diane: I don't know, like Mike Tyson or... Sean Penn, or Josh Brolin, or Christian Slater, Woody Allen, Hank Hippopopalous, Bill Murray...
MOOSE: Wait, wait, what about Hank Hippopopalous?
Diane: Well, all of his former assistants have made the same allegations.
BoJack: I feel like we're getting off track here.
Diane: Do you not know that?
BoJack: Any questions about me, the handsome, famous horse with a book?
ELK: What do you have against Uncle Hanky?
Diane: I'm not saying anything not on the public record. You can just Google "Hank Hippopopalous allegations" and I--
Diane: Oh, you don't have to Google it right now.
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Stanky Hanky? Allegations vile and ranky.But first, the visiting Cordovian Prince Gustav went missing briefly this afternoon, but he was quickly found buying chili in Beverly Hills.His official statement was, "Uh, yeah, I'm the Prince of Cordovia.
Hooray, being a prince." Our main story, ominous and anomalous accusations against Hank Hippopopalous. Who is this anonymous Diane Nguyen and what does she have against our beloved hippopotamus? Joining me now is Hippopopalous apologist and armchair sociologist, Cardigan Burke. Cardigan, what are these allegations?
BURKE: These allegations are so crazy, I can't even say them on TV or I'll sound like a crazy person. What I want to know is why we're letting a national treasure face the same kind of smear tactics used by the Viet Cong.
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Are you calling attention to the fact that Ms. Nguyen is Vietnamese?
Burke: I'd like to think that's a coincidence.
Mr. Peanutbutter: You gotta see this set they're building! There's a giant replica of my head, and every episode, the eyes light up with dollar signs, confetti shoots out of the ears, then I somersault out the mouth. We're bringing class back to primetime.
Diane: Sounds amazing. 
Mr. Peanutbutter: And I'm really getting along with J.D. Salinger. Did you know we both hate phonies?
Diane: I did know that.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So... listen. Some website called "Tit Puncher" is saying you said some stuff about Hank Hippopopalous.
DIANE: Oh, my God, Mr. Peanutbutter,I didn't mean for that to happen.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, do me a favor.Please don't make a big thing out of this. It's really not a good time, you know, with my show about to launch.
DIANE: Hey, we are on the same page.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, are you also on "Tit Puncher"? Because you should not read the comments.
DIANE: Believe me,nothing would make me happier than for this to just go away.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Great. I love you, too.
GUSTAV: Hello.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, my God!
GUSTAV: Is chili you ask for. I am peasant boy Todd from village. Friend of Peanut Man, and lover of federated American states. No reason for suspicions. Come on!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wait a second, something's different. I am... digging this new cologne! You smell like a fancy cabbage.
GUSTAV: Is so great to bein meager trash city Los Angeles with no pressures of royal life. What? Royal life? Why I'm saying? I am no royal. Look at me. Normals.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: There's that classic self-deprecating Todd wit. I'd know it anywhere.
LIZARD: We will now begin our Q and A.
BOJACK: Fire when ready.
ALLIGATOR: What you got against Uncle Hanky,you uppity cooze?
BOJACK: Diane,I believe this question is for you.
DIANE: If anyone here has any questionsabout the book, I'd be happy to answer those.
BOJACK: As would I, BoJack Horseman, Golden-Globe winning star of the book.
OLD LADY: If Hank did anything wrong, they wouldn't let him on TV, right?
DIANE: I'm really not here to talk about that.
CRAWFISH: You women are all the same.
DIANE: Excuse me?
CRAWFISH: Yeah, you make these broad accusations to get attention for yourself, and when you don't have proof to back it up, you just slink away.
DIANE: I'm not slinking away.
BOJACK: I just wanted to say one thingabout me. I text and drive like all the time. What?
CRAWFISH: Isn't that what happened with all those assistants? They took his money, and they don't even care they could be ruining a man's life.
DIANE: What? They ruined his life?
BOJACK: You should probably just drop this.
DIANE: Oh, I'm gonna drop it, all right. They don't even knowhow much I'm gonna drop it.
BOJACK: The way you said that made it sound like you won't drop it.
DIANE: How dare you spreada narrative that--
BURKE: Don't tell me what to spread. I'll spread whatever I want. It's called one of the amendments.
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Ladies, please! Don't get hysterical!
DIANE: This is completely--
BOJACK: Yeah, hi. I'm Diane's friend, BoJack. I came with her. I gotta say I'm opposed to child labor, like as a rule, but there are some kinds of labor that children are just better at. You ever try to fit into a mine shaft?
That is a tight squeeze. What? Oh, man, probably gonna get some letters about that, huh? I'm so incorrigible. Everyone's paying attention to me now! Okay, I'm gonna go get a snack. Anyone else want a snack? No? That's a no? On the snacks? Okay.
BURKE: What do you have against Hank Hippopopalous? Everyone says he's a really nice guy.
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Good point.
DIANE: That's exactly the problem. Because he's so nice, people don't wanna think he's capable of awful things so they let him off the hook.
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: We don't know what happened. It's a classic "he said, she said."
DIANE: "He said, they said." It's eight different women.
DIANE: Are they all lying?
BURKE: I mean, probably. We do that.
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: At this point,we just don't know enough to judge. Who are these women? Have they ever shoplifted perhaps? Do they wear short shorts? Do they drink alcohol? All these things are possible. We don't know the facts.
DIANE: See, this is part of the problem. You're supposed to be a journalist, and you won't even tell your audience what he's accused of.
BURKE: If you're such an expert, why don't you tell us?
DIANE: I'm not afraid to say it. Eight different women, all former assistants, claim that Uncle Hanky took them to a--
Wanda: What is Diane doing?
BOJACK: I know. It's supposed to be my book tour and she's completely upstaging me. Like how it was supposed to be my book. Actually, this might be a thing she does.
WANDA: She knows that Hippopopalous is the only thing keeping my network afloat, right? The same network that employs her husband. Why would she do this?
BoJack: Sometimes she just whips herself into a frenzy and she loses all perspective. Goddamn it, honeydew?! Jesus, why does cantaloupe think every time it gets invited to a party, it can bring along its dumb friend honeydew? You don't get a plus-one, cantaloupe!
WANDA: You need to talk to her.
PINKY: Wanda, I just got back from a set visit on Contemporary Family. It's a disaster!
WANDA: What?
PINKY: The kids have gone through puberty. They are rubbing themselves on everything.
WANDA: If it isn't one thing, it's ano--Just get a hose!
GUSTAV: Aha! I went to house to pick up mail for you like real American Johnny. Hey, man.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Whoa! You know it's a federal crime to go through someone else's mail? 
GUSTAV: I do not know your customs, for I am dirt-poor servant child.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, don't worry about it. Now walk me through that mail.
GUSTAV: Death threat for wife, death threat for wife, once more death threat, and here many monies off for Bed Bath Beyond. Seems like great U.S.A. dream castle!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Good Lord, that's graphic. How would she even fit one of those in there? Some sort of funnel. Oh, I see, there's actually an illustration.
GUSTAV: Excuse, Dog Dog Peanut Man? This wife, she poke bear, yes?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, I guess she kind of did.
GUSTAV: They have a saying where I am from, which is here. Bear not like to be poke. Bear get angry...
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Right.
GUSTAV: and destroy peasant rebel army with fist of fire of which make many, many nightmares to children and men!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd, I can always count on you to give me the straight dope. Please don't ever change.
HANNITY: Okay, just kill the whole feature. Replace it with-- Oh, I don't know. What's Gwyneth doing for Purim?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane? I want you to meet Amanda Hannity, editor-in-chief here at Manatee Fair.
HANNITY: The pleasure's yours. Walk with me, squawk with me.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: That woman can knock a drink back like a Kennedy at a wake for another Kennedy, but damn if she doesn't get shit done.
HANNITY: No. Yes. Turtleneck. You're fired.
DIANE: Um, okay, I wanted to pitch you an exposé on Hank Hippopopalous.
HANNTY: I would love to take down Hippopopalous and finally topple the acropolis of monstrous hypocrisy that ensconces us.
BOJACK: Hey, wouldn't your readers prefer something more relevant? Like, uh, what to do with all those extra buttons that come with your shirts.
DIANE: Amanda, I am so glad you're throwingyour weight behind this. Oh, I didn't mean--
HANNITY: You, that dress is hideous. Go home, burn it and come back. When we know what we know about a monster like that and we still put him on TV every week, we're teaching a generation of young boys and girls that a man's reputation is more important
than the lives of the women he's ruined.
DIANE: Yes, exactly! I feel like I've been alone in a crazy alternate universe these last few days.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, you know I got your back,right? We women have got to stick to--Hey, fruit plate.
BOJACK: No, people don't want articles about that. People want life-hacks.
HANNITY: Diane, you need to be strong. Everyone is gunning for you. You're a woman talking out of turn about a man. We're not supposed to have opinions. We're supposed to smile and look pretty. No, this model doesn't look as pretty as the other one. Can we kill it?
BOJACK: Scarves, not just for necks anymo--
HANNITY: We need to sit you down with someonewho's willing to go on the record.
DIANE: I already reached out to all eight of Hank's former assistants. Nothing.
HANNITY: What about his current assistant?
DIANE: You think she'd talk?
HANNITY: I don't know. What do you think, answering machine?
NICOLE: Hi, my name's Nicole. I work for Mr. Hippopopalous and, um...I really need to talk to someone.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are you kidding me? With this honeydew right now? Ugh!
DIANE: Nicole?
HIPPOPOPALOUS: Hello, Diane. Thank you, Nicole.
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Prince Gustav today startled the international community when he gave his royal fortune to charity.
GUSTAV: What? Oh, no!
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: And fired his chief advisor, who can be seen in this file photo looking vaguely suspicious.
GUSTAV: Oh, you idiot! No!
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Big reforms which could lead to sweeping change in the embattled region, or a precipitous economic collapse. But back to our main story, what is Diane's problem?
HIPPOPOPALOUS: I'll say it once, for your article. I didn't do any of those things that you're accusing me of. I wanna be very clear. I'm not meeting you herebecause I'm scared of you. This is me doing you a favor.
DIANE: I think you are scared of me.
HIPPOPOPALOUS: I'm not a bad guy, Diane, and I truly do believe that. Twenty-four hours from now, the news cycle will move on to something else. I'll go back to hosting my dance show, which employs hundreds of nice, good, hardworking people.
You, on the other hand, are pretty much done. People love me and they're not gonna forgive you for this.
DIANE: This isn't about me.
HIPPOPOPALOUS: If you keep pushing this, you're gonna drag down the people close to you. Look, you had your fun. So, why don't you call it a day and go home to your husband?
DIANE: I know who you are.
HIPPOPOPALOUS: Sweetheart, everyone knows who I am. I'm Hank Hippopopalous. Who the hell are you?
HANNITY: So, you got nothing.
DIANE: I'm not giving up. There's gotta be someone who will talk.
HANNITY: Oh, listen. I had a conversation with my bosses at AOL-Time Warner-Pepsico-Viacom-Halliburton-Skynet-Toyota-Trader Joe's, and we agreed these kind of stories, they don't sell magazines.
DIANE: Are you seriously killing this?
HANNITY: It's just not a good time.
DIANE: So, this has nothing to do with the fact that AOL-Time Warner-Pepsico-Viacom-Halliburton-Skynet-Toyota-Trader Joe's also owns MBN, and is currently profiting off of Hank Hippopopalous's good reputation?
HANNITY: I know you're upset. Would you like a Joe-Joe? It's just like an Oreo, but Trader Joe's style.
DIANE: No, I don't want a Joe-Joe.
HANNITY: Because you're mad at me, right? Not because Joe-Joes taste like garbage?
GUSTAV: So, help me to understand...Dog friend's program is to find what celebrities know?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yep.
GUSTAV: So, is torture?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We don't torture peoplein America, Todd. That's called one of the amendments.
GUSTAV: No, of course. In America, you do not know to suffer. You eat your cheesy pizza, you drink your ade of gator. This life is nice for visit but no way for live. I go now. Back to palace!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Sounds great, Todd. See you tomorrow.
BOJACK: So, they hated the skorts idea, huh?
DIANE: No, I didn't pitch your skorts idea.
MAN 1: Hey, Diane! Why don't you shut your stupid ugly face?!
BOJACK: Don't you talk to her like that!
MAN 2: Yeah, don't listen to that guy, Diane. I say you should shut your stupid pretty face.
DIANE: This is not over. When people hear what--
BOJACK: Give it a rest. It's over. You lost.
DIANE: How could you say that?
BOJACK: What are you doing here? I mean, what is your end game in all of this?
DIANE: You don't actually believe Hank's innocent, do you?
BOJACK: Of course not, but that doesn't matter. You're not gonna beat this guy.
DIANE: I--What?
BOJACK: Todd?
TODD: BoJack! Thank God you found me. I thought I would never see you again.
BOJACK: We're in the middle of something.
TODD: I got mixed up in some bad stuff and a genocide may or may not have been perpetrated in my name. Maybe you heard about it on the news?
BOJACK: No, most of the news has been about Diane and Hank Hippopopalous.
TODD: What? Why? This is really serious.
DIANE: Oh, of course your thing is serious and my thing is just a dumb feminist trying to get attention by attacking a famous man, is that it?
TODD: Uh, what? No.
STRANGER: Eat shit, Diane!
BOJACK: You eat shit!
BOJACK: Diane, obviously Todd doesn't know what you're talking about. He spent the last few days at Burning Man or whatever getting high.
TODD: No! That's not what happened at all. 
DIANE: A stranger just told me to eat shit. I don't understand why you can't be on my side about this.
BOJACK: I am on your side. And I'm telling you you're not gonna win this thing. Also, P.S., when have you ever been on my side?
DIANE: I am always on your side.
BOJACK: Really? Like when you wrote that book? Was that you being on my side?
DIANE: You're not still mad about the book.
BOJACK: You manipulated meand completely took advantage of--
TODD: Guys? There is a very fragile alliance between the Cords and the Ovians. If we don't do something--
BOJACK: Todd, nobody cares.
DIANE: Nobody cares, Todd. Everything I did was to help you tell the story I knew you wanted to tell. You got everything you wanted because of that book. You were a joke, now people take you seriously.
You were out of work, now you got your dream role.
BOJACK: Okay, yes. All of that is true. But also, you were my friend and you hurt my feelings. And it's weird that you never apologized for that...and that you still won't.
DIANE: Well...I'm sorry I hurt your feelings.
BOJACK: Are you?
DIANE: Yes, actually. I am. I didn't want to do that and I probably could have handled things better. I definitely should have. I'm sorry.
BOJACK: Okay.
DIANE: But this is bigger than you and me. And I need you in my corner now because I don't have anybody else.
BOJACK: Well, okay.
DIANE: Yeah?
BOJACK: Yeah. I'm in your corner.
TODD: Guys, earlier, some general asked me if it was "a go"...on "that thing we talked about"? And I said, "Yes." And he said, "God help us all" and left the room. Now I'm not sure that was the right answer.
DIANE: So, then I called Wayne to see if I could write a story for Buzzfeed. Here's the good news: They'll publish anything.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, um...Can I talk to you?
DIANE: Yeah, of course. What's up?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I asked you, really nicely,not to make a big thing out of this.
DIANE: Yeah, I know, but someone--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Had to say something, right? And that someone had to be you? Because... why? I really don't get it. What is accomplished by you being the one to take a stand on this?
DIANE: Mr. Peanutbutter--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: This game show is a really big deal for me. And I know that sounds stupid to you, and small. But I need this to go well, and I can't...Those are death threats. People want to murder my wife
because of what she's saying on the news about something that she has nothing to do with.
DIANE: "You can't. You stupid, ugly can't."
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, that doesn't say "can't."
DIANE: Oh.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: God, you know, you'd almost be safer in Cordovia.
DIANE: Yeah, maybe I should go to Cordovia. I'm obviously not making a difference here.
Mr.Peanutbutter: Actually, maybe you should. Go feel good about yourself and do your important work. And maybe some space might be good for us.
Diane: You don't really want me to go, do you?
Mr. Peanutbutter: Why does it suddenly matter what I want?
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Hank, I have to ask, did you do it?
Hippopopalous: No, I did not.
TOM JUMBO-GRUMBO: Well, that's good enough for me. Coming up, Kanye West claims to hate Thin Mints. Our panel is outraged. Hating Thin Mints? Is he legally insane? You can bet we'll get into this further in the next hour. This is the only thing I care about now.
Man: Hey. Smile.
GAZELLE: We're live in five minutes, folks.
CREW MEMBER: Make way. Someone find out the average rainfallin Bora Bora.
WANDA: Thank you so much for doing this.
BOJACK: Hey, there are a lot of advantages to being the girlfriend of a big celebrity. It's more than being an elbow they couldn't crop out of a red-carpet shot in US Weekly.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I've been that elbow.
TODD: Hello, what have we here?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: So you know how the game's played, right?
BOJACK: I'm sure I'll pick it up. How hard could it be?
WANDA: You didn't read the treatment? I faxed it to you.
BOJACK: My bad, our fax machine isn't plugged in.
WANDA: BoJack, this is our first show and it is very important that things run smoothly tonight. I mean, do you even care about this at all?
BOJACK: Sweetie, no. I think this is stupid and a waste of everybody's time. But you're my girlfriendand I care about you. So I'm here.
WANDA: Okay. Break a leg.
SALINGER: Okay, this is it, everybody. Moment of truth. Now it's in the hands of god. And for the next 30 minutes, I am that God.
MIA: I got you an iPad, ma'am.
WANDA: Oh, no thanks, Mia. I'm still working my way through the last 30 years of technology. Right now I'm on Palm Pilot.
MIA: But you can use our second screen app to see what viewers say about the show as it airs.
WANDA: Oh, cool, I love stupid bullshit like this. Ooh. Oh, you just touch it.
TODD: Hello, I am Mustache Todd. Like regular Todd, but with a mustache.
MIA: Listen boo-boo, I didn't graduate first in my class from a prestigious university, rise through the ranks atan elite news organization, win a well-known award, never ever be sick at sea and also my name is Mia McKibben, so that I could deal with your nonsense.
SALINGER: Todd, stay out of Hair and Makeup.
TODD: But I like it there. They brush my hair and tell me stories about their weekends.
SALINGER: Big-nosed Todd wasn't funny, Zombie Todd wasn't funny, Pretty Lady Todd wasn't funny, and this isn't funny. No more tomfoolery. 
TODD: When it's me, we call it "Todd-foolery."
SALINGER: We certainly do not call it that. Listen up, everyone. What you are part of tonight is bigger than you. It's bigger than any of us. I expect all of you to work together. But I also expect that one of you will tower above the rest.
And that outstanding individual will receive this pen. It was through this pen that I bled Raise High The Roof Beam, Carpenters upon the page. Also, it has four different colors. Black, red, blueand for some reason, green.
By the end of tonight, this pen will be bestowed upon the person most deserving. Because nothing is more important than television, and no one more important than the people who make that television. Now, let's get to work.
A.D.: And five, four, three, two...
SALINGER: Showtime.
ANNOUNCER: Live from the historic Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, J.D. Salinger Presents: Hollywoo Stars And Celebrities, What Do They Know? Do They Know Things? Let's Find Out!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ah. All right! Here we go.
BOJACK: Listen to that crowd. If they lose it this much for Mr. Peanutbutter, can you imagine what they're going to do for a real celebrity?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, this is Mr. Peanutbutter's show, so be nice.
BOJACK: When you say nice, do you mean kind? Or, like, delivering a lot of sick burns, so that people in the audience go, "Nice."
PRINCESS CAROLYN: The first one. Obviously the first one.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Tonight we answer the age-old question: "Hollywoo stars and celebrities, what do they know? Do they know things? Let's find out!" And now our first-ever guest.
You know him from his years on Horsin' Around, his drunk appearance on The View, and his bestselling book, it's BoJack Horseman. BoJack, welcome.
BOJACK: It is great to be here.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Sorry, no time for idle chit-chat, because we've entered the Small Talk Round.
BOJACK: The what now?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Thirty seconds on the clock. BoJack, how are you?
BOJACK: Uh, fine?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Correct. Did you see the game last night?
BOJACK: No, I don't follow--
MR. Peanutbutter: Oh, so sorry. It says here you did see the game.
BOJACK: What game?
SALINGER: Ready camera one? Camera one.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You tell me.You're the one who saw it.
BOJACK: I don't--What the--?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That noise means it's time for your first General Knowledge question. Audience, does BoJack know things?
AUDIENCE:  Let's find out!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack, what is the average annual rainfall in Bora Bora?
BOJACK: Uh, this is general knowledge?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's just an average we're asking for.
BOJACK: I don't know, seven?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wrong! So wrong. Wow, when it comes to Bora Bora, maybe this celebrity should have studied more-a more-a.
SALINGER: Yes, Mr. Peanutbutter. Go for the kill.
BOJACK: What is--?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh-ho. That sound means it's time to pick your category. "Trigonometry." "Advanced Physics,"and "At the Movies With Mr. Peanutbutter."
BOJACK: At the Movies Wit hMr. Peanutbutter.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Good choice. After seeing J.J. Abrams' Star Trek reboot, did I call it: A, "A visual feast for the senses," B, "A zestful lark through timeand space,"
C, "The best Zachary Quinto movie of all time," or D, "All of the above"?
BOJACK: I'll say D?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ouch, the answer was A and B. Though I would also agree with C.
TODD: So I told Mr. Peanutbutter I'd drive him here, and next thing I know, I'm an Associate Producer.
MIA: Stupid me. I went to Stanford. Next time I'll just try that thing where I'm a huge dumbass who happens to be friends with Mr. Peanutbutter.
TODD: Yup.
MIA: Cool. Well, have fun watching me win that pen.
TODD: I don't need a pen. I can walk into any Chili's with a child under 12 and get crayons for free.
MIA: You don't get it. If Salinger gives you his pen, that means you're worth something. It means you're a serious person who's going places. Actually, you know what? Don't worry about it. It's not for you.
BOJACK: I'm gonna go with nuclear fusion.
MR.PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, the answer is Egypt.
SALINGER: Turn up the directional heat lamps. Oh, yeah. Let's really make him sweat.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Surprised you didn't get that one, since you're an expert when it comes to de-Nile. Quick impression. "I'm not an alcoholic." You love it.
BOJACK: Oh, yeah, pretty good one from King Mutt over here. Am I right? You know, like King Tut? Because we're talking about Egypt? And Mr. Peanutbutter's a mutt, so...
AUDIENCE: You suck.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm a yellow lab, BoJack. You could get one thing right tonight. Anyway, let's take a moment to look at the great comments we've been getting on our second screen app, now available for download.
GAZELLE: And we're out. Fifteen seconds, everybody.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, how am I doing?
BOJACK: You're kind of being a dick.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, are we at Tony Roma's right now? Because there's a lot of ribbing going on here.
BOJACK: I'm not ribbing you. I'm telling you, you're--
GAZELLE: And we're back in three, two...
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Welcome back. Will BoJack Horseman go down in show history as our worst contestant ever? So far, yes.
WANDA: Wow. J.D., people are loving this show.
SALINGER: Wait till they see this. Mia, get ready to drop the bomb.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh-oh. That sound means it's time to drop "da" bomb. And yes folks, I said "da," not "the." What I'm trying to say is, it's a positive bomb. Audience, let's...
AUDIENCE: Drop da bomb!
BOJACK: Did you guys all practice before the show, because--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ladies and gentlemen, we've had some fun with our little celebrity. But now, let's meet our big celebrity.
BOJACK: Big celebrity?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Say hello to...Daniel Radcliffe!
DANIEL: Hi, I'm Daniel Radcliffe. Hello.
AUDIENCE: Oh, my God! It's Daniel Radcliffe!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We'll find out what our big celebrity knows right after this break.
SALINGER: And we're out. Oh, we're cooking now.
WANDA: Hey, you, you're doing great. I'm not 100 percent watching because I'm so engrossed in the second screen experience, but according to the second screen experience, other people are loving the show.
BOJACK: You didn't tell me there would be another celebrity.
WANDA: Well, I had no idea that was coming but some guy named Dong-Slinger-420 loved the surprise. He said, "Two dongs way up."
BOJACK: So, there was no mention of another bigger celebrity in the document you faxed?
WANDA: I couldn't read it. My fax machine cut it into little strips.
BOJACK: That sounds like a shredder.
WANDA: Well, I guess I shredded it to you. I gotta deal with this. If I don't interact with this app every 80 seconds, it charges my credit card five dollars. Love you.
BOJACK: Ehh... you, too.
DANIEL: Could you get the base a little less pale?
BOJACK: Hey, Daniel, good to see you.
DANIEL: Always nice to meet a fan.
BOJACK: No, sorry, I'm not a, uh--I'm an actor
DANIEL: Oh, good for you. It's a dreadful business but hang in there.
BOJACK: No, I already did hang in there. I'm BoJack Horseman? We've actually met before. At Chris Martin's holiday party? We stepped outside for a smoke? To get away from Chris Martin?
You opened upabout your fear of success? I gave you some advice? You said I was a true friend and you would never forget me?
DANIEL: And you said your name was Chadwick Boseman?
BOJACK: BoJack Horseman.
DANIEL: Oh, I'm sorry. When you're as famous as I am, you meet so many people.
VERONICA: Sorry, we need you guys back on set.
DANIEL: You were the second hairdresser's assistant on The Ellen Show about five years ago. Veronica, right? Yeah, that's right.
VERONICA: How was your mother's party in the end?
GAZELLE: And we're back in five, four,three, two...
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So you never say one, huh? Welcome back, America.
AUDIENCE: We love you, Daniel.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So do I. So let's watch our celebrities go...Audience?
AUDIENCE: Head to head!
BOJACK:How could they possibly know that? This is the first episode, right?
SALINGER: The puppets clap when the puppet master pulls the strings.
TODD: Hello. Serious, Going-Places Todd at your service.
MIA: Hey, look at you, all dressed up for the Dipshit Awards. You know you're not allowed in Hair and Makeup. Are you wearing roller skates?
TODD: I'm wearing Heelys. They're shoes with wheels, for efficiency purposes. Now I can be serious faster.
MIA: You can also go nowhere faster.
TODD: Seeing as I am a professional--No!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, BoJack. Another embarrassingly wrong answer, bringing your score down by 80 points and 12 dollars.
BOJACK: Why are we playing for both points and dollars?
DANIEL: Oh, tough break, B.J. Novak!
BOJACK: My name is--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Our next question is to Mr. Radcliffe. "What color comes from the combination of blue and yellow?"
DANIEL: I actually know this one. When I was growing up, my neighbor was a painter. I remember visiting his flat and watching him work. Sometimes he would mix together blue paint with yellow paint and it made an entirely new color.
And that man was Banksy. And that color was green. Final answer.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Correct! You've earned the chance to go for a spin in our Kia Sportage Cash Grab Booth.
DANIEL: Oh, splendid.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER:And while Daniel's in the booth, BoJack, you have an essay question.
BOJACK: What?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You'll find a blue book on your podium. "To what extent was feudalism a cause of the French Revolution?"
BOJACK: Wait, are you ser--Oh
MR.PEANUTBUTTER: And go! While BoJack works, let's check out the action on our Kia Sportage Cash Grab Booth Cam.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, champ.
BOJACK: What are you doing here? I'm trying to write an essay.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I came to ask you how you were doing and then to tell youyou're not doing so well.
BOJACK: Why am I getting the hard questions, while Boy Wizard over there just has to know colors and literally grab cash out of thin air?
Daniel: A five! This is so easy!
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I think I might be able to help you out. Let me tell you a story. The year was 2003 and for some reason, everyone was playing poker all of a sudden. A then-relevant Wilmer Valderrama used to host a weekly how-do-you-do
and all the stars came out to show off their tricks. There was Lucy Lawless, Lucy Liu, Lori Laughlin, Lisa Loeb, the dog from Frasier, and at the head of the table? Big Money himself, Mr. Peanutbutter.
MR. PEANUTBUUTER: Whoops. Woh-oh.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I thought, "Here's a rube." But Lady Luck had other plans.
BOJACK: You know what, I got an essay to write, so if this isn't about the precipitous fall of the French ruling class--
PRINCESS CAROLYN: But then I saw, the kid had a tell. 
BOJACK: I feel like that story had a lot of unnecessary details in it.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen. You have to pay close attention, it's subtle, but when he gets excited, his ears ever so slightly flop up and give him away.
BOJACK: Well, that's no surprise. Guy's been flopping upwards his whole career.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mm-hm. Watch the ears.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Time's up, Daniel. Whoa, looks like D to the R to the Ad to the Cliffe just won 54,000 bonus dollars. And BoJack barely got beyond his thesis statement. "A continent ravaged by war,
coupled with the retreat of the church from secular life..." And then it just stops? Oh, that's gonna cost you some serious pesos. But first, it's time for our Multiple Choice Buzz-In Round.
DANIEL: A buzz-in round? All right. In is my favorite directionin which to buzz.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Tell me, "How many oak trees are needed to build an 18th century triple-decker Royal Navy battle ship? A, 75? B, 1000? Or C, 3500?"
BOJACK: C! 3500!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Um, correct.
DANIEL: Uh, what?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, wow. That's, uh...That's actually correct.
SALINGER: How the hell did he know that? What elsedoes he know? Does he know things? Let's find out.
BOJACK: Quantum tunneling. King Magnus the Second. Miss Scarlet in the library with the lead pipe. Sassafras. Butterscotch! Argyle. Because seven eight nine.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What an amazing run. It looks like we've got a tied game.
Which is an exciting surprise.
SALINGER: Goddamn it, throw to commercial.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We'll be right back.
DANIEL: Hey. Horshack. What's going on?
BOJACK: What's going on is I'm kicking your ass.
DANIEL: Yeah, you know, you're doing great, but I'm supposed to win. That was the deal. Plug my movie, win money for charity.
BOJACK: Well, tell Charity she can kiss my ass. By the way, your girlfriend has a stripper name.
DANIEL: It's not my girlfriend, it's charity.
WANDA: BoJack, according to this app, you're almost tied. Oh, you are tied, there's a lag. Congratulations.
BOJACK: Thanks. It was touch and go--
WANDA: But I'm a little concerned because it seems like you might actually win, but everyone on the app is really rooting for Daniel. People love him. I guess he was in some movie about a potter or a Pottery Barn or something?
BOJACK: Are you asking me to throw the game?
WANDA: You don't care about this game. The only reason you're here is for me, so maybe you could help me out?
BOJACK: Okay.
WANDA: You know what? You're the best, no matter what everybody on this app says. They say you're the worst. EspeciallyQueefburglar69. He's their leader.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And we're back. Contestants, I've got a history question for both of you. "You may or may not be familiar with a famous racehorse named Secretariat. In what year did Secretariat win the Triple Crown?" BoJack.
BOJACK: Piece of cake. Um, 1492?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What? No, not even close. BoJack, aren't you in a movie about Secretariat? How could you not know that?
BOJACK?: Let's just move on.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Maybe instead, he should be in a movie about a guy who doesn't know anything about Secretariat. 
PRINCESS CAROLYN: That would not be a good movie. 
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I mean, more like Secre-terrible.
DANIEL: Damn, Bojangles, you got served.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Do you know anything about Secretariat? You know he was a horse, right? Oh, wait, did I just spoil it for you? No wonder my wife had to write your book for you.
BOJACK: Hey, yeah, you know, while we're talking about your wife, I've got a question. How come your wife flew all the way to war-torn Cordovia just to get away from you?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's not what happened. She went to help people. 
BOJACK: Or maybe she went to help herself get away from her awful marriage. Oh, was that too far?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh-ho, you want to get into things?
BOJACK: Well, I mean--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, no, no, let's get into things. Let's get real. Everybody, BoJack wants to get real. Cancel the Bubble Round. Because we're getting real.
MIA: Should we cut to commercial?
SALINGER: Would Homer cut away from Odysseus's journey just as he was being enticed by the sirens' song?
MIA: No?
SALINGER: Well, there you are.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Things are getting real out here. Really real. Really, really, really real!
BOJACK: Uh, I'm not sure where you're going--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, no? You knew where you were going with my wife that time you pulled over by the side of the road. You know, a week before we got married? You want to talk about that, BoJack? You want to talk about the time when you, my "good friend," kissed my wife?
TODD: No!
SALINGER: Yes.
WANDA: Did something exciting just happen? Because people on the app are, and I quote, "losing their tits." Oh, no, no, I've stumbled on to a cancer support message board. Okay, how do I...?
BOJACK: How did you know about that?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, there are roadside cameras all along the PCH, I have a few friends in the highway patrol, and she told me, of course! We're married!
BOJACK: Wait, so you've known all this time?
SALINGER:Now this is television. Turn on the rain.
TODD: Um, don't you think you're pushing them too far?
SALINGER: I'll tell you when it's too far. This is my art, goddamn it. I'm J. goddamn D.goddamn Salinger, and I want rain!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All I ever wanted was to be your friend. And you treat me like a big joke. You think I don't notice? Why don't you like me?
BOJACK: Mr. Peanutbutter
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, tell me.
BOJACK: Because... I'm jealous.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Of what? Diane?
BOJACK: No. Of everything. Everything comes so easy for you.
MR.PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, and it doesn't for you? You're a millionaire movie star with a girlfriend who loves you, acting in your dream movie. What more do you want? What else could the universe possibly owe you?
BOJACK: I want to feel good about myself. The way you do. And I don't know how. I don't know if I can.
DANIEL: Whoa, guys, this is getting a little heavy, don't we think?
BOJACK: I'm sorry, Mr. Peanutbutter. I can't tell you how sorry I am.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow, um, I don't know if I can forgive you. But I guess we'll find outright after this break.
DANIEL: Damn.
BOJACK: Shut up.
SALINGER: I knew it. I knew this show wouldbring us to the heights of human drama more powerfully than literature ever dreamed. Now somebody go out and get me a Red Bull and a banana fish sandwich.
TODD: On it. It's a perfect day for a Red Bull.
WANDA: Mr. Peanutbutter!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, hey Wanda.
WANDA: I'm only half paying attention to whatever you two are arguing about but it's killer. Now all we need is a happy ending.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't think we can just resolve everything cleanly in a half-hour.
WANDA: Uh, this is network television. So resolving everything cleanly in a half-hour is kind of what we do. You want to host a game show where everyone feels bad at the end? You can get in your little car, drive to Santa Monica and pitch it to AMC.
But these people want resolution, okay? So you get your little butt backon that stage and you resolve.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And we're back. You know, I did some thinking over the break. BoJack--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What's going on?
MIA: Oh, my God.
SALINGER: No! No! What's happening?
MIA: Someone unplugged the main power line and plugged in a George Foreman Grill.
TODD: Panini time. Hey, who unplugged--
SALINGER: Todd! Goddamnit, step aside! Mia, good work. You saved the show. You earned my respect... and this pen.
MIA: Oh, thank you.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, are we back? We're back! Live television, folks. You know, during the break, my producers told me I had to forgive BoJack live on the air.
But I'm my own dog. And as my own dog, I decided to forgive BoJack live on the air! Bring it in, buddy!
BOJACK: What? 
DANIAL: Really? Mr. Peanutbutter, I applaud your forgiving nature, but this guy kissed your wife.
WANDA: Wait, BoJack kissed Diane?
DANIEL: The only way to even the score is if you get to kiss him.
BOJACK: Wait, what?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You're right, it makes perfect sense.
DANEL: Yeah, absolutely.
BOJACK: No, it doesn't.
MR. PEANUTBTTER: That way Diane and I will have had the same experience. It's the only way we can move past this.
BOJACK: Well, if it helps us move past this,I guess...
Daniel: Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
SALINGER: Cue the Kiss Cam. Oh, if only I'd had a Kiss Cam for Catcher In The Rye. Well, just one more regret on a long list of many.
MIA: Todd, there you are. You're missing a pretty big moment out there.
TODD: I don't care. You said it yourself. Without that pen, I'm totally worthless.
MIA: Not for nothing, but you were worthless before you didn't get the pen.
TODD: I really tried this time. I guess I'll never really amount to anything.
MIA: Well, maybe you just need someone to believe in you.
TODD: Wow, no one's ever fallen for that!
MIA: What?
TODD: You're so stupid! You had the pen and you just gave it to me?! Oh, I can't believe that worked. Oh, my God, look at your stupid face.
MIA: The pen is just a symbol. It doesn't--
TODD: Yeah, said the girl who doesn't have a pen right now.
MIA: Unbelievable. You are the most annoying, immature, aggravating, irritating, crazy-making...
TODD: Oh, she was mad, all right. But kids? That's the story of how I met... this pen.
SALINGER: Hey, get out of Hair and Makeup and give me back my pen!
TODD: I got your pen. That means you respect me.
SALINGER: No it does not.
TODD: Viva Todd-foolery! Suck a dick, dumbshits.
SALINGER: Hey! Hey, hey!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, that stern but supple kiss puts you over the top. BoJack Horseman is tonight's winner.
DANIEL: Well played, Jock-jam Door-slam.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You've earned $500,000 for charity. You can walk away right now or, and remember, this is for charity, you can risk it all in our Double or Nothing round.
BOJACK: I wanna risk it all!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right. Now that's $500,000. If you get this question right, you double that, a million dollars for charity. But if you get it wrong, the charity gets nothing
and all the money will be set on fire live here on our studio soundstage. BoJack, for all the marbles: "Which famous actor played the titular role in the popular Harry Potter film franchise?"
BOJACK: Oh. Huh. Yeah. I don't know. When you're as famous as I am, you meet so many people, it's impossible to remember them all.
DANIEL: Okay, I get what you're doing. Very funny.
BOJACK: Yeah. Oh, what is that guy's name? You know, it's on the tip of my tongue?
DANIEL: Are you serious right now? Dude, this is for charity.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack, we need an answer.
BOJACK: Yeah, I don't know. Gosh, I wanna say...Elijah Wood?
DANIEL: What? Elijah Wood?!

SECRETARIAT: Sir, you can't send me to Vietnam.
Nixon: I can do whatever I want. I'm president of the goddamn United States of America. Isn't that right, Checkers?
CHECKERS: That's what it says on your business cards.
SECRETARIAT: There are going to be riots in the streets. I'm Secretariat.
NIXON: You think I'm afraid of a few rioting hippies? Don't make me laugh. Or whatever a laugh sounds like.
SECRETARIAT: Please, I'll do anything. You gotta send some one else in my place.
NIXON: Hmm. Perhaps an arrangement can be...arranged.
SECRETARIAT: I'm just an athlete. I'm no hero. My brother Jeffretariat is the hero. He's fighting the Reds over in 'Nam, which is necessary to protect our way of life. And another hero is President Nixon. He is one groovy dude.
BoJack: Groovy.
BEATRICE: What the hell are you doing?
BOJACK: Sorry, Mommy!
BEATRICE: Don't you dare put that out. That is a perfectly good cigarette, and you are going to finish it.
BOJACK: But I don't wanna.
BEATRICE: And I don't want to be the mother of a quitter. Finish it. Jesus Christ, you can't even smoke a cigarette right. Don't you dare cry, don't you ever cry. You wanted this.
BOJACK: Are you punishing me for smoking or for stealing?
BEATRICE: I'm punishing you for being alive.
TODD: Uh, BoJack? You really shouldn't throwa lit cigarette off the--Fine. I'll call 911. 
WANDA: The fire department got everything under control, but the cable's out for the neighborhood. I don't understand what started the fire.
BOJACK: Nobody knows where fires come from, it's a mystery. Anyway, I am fired up about my first day back on set. We're gonna finish that big Nixon scene. We were just one shot away before we went on hiatus.
WANDA: Yeah, I know. You told me at breakfast. Why did you call me?
BOJACK: Usually I talk to Diane on the way to work, but she abandoned me to teach piano in Cordovia or something.
WANDA: Oh. Well, glad you settled for me because Diane wasn't available.
BOJACK: You bet. Oh, man, I'm gonna kill in this Nixon scene. BoJack gonna be in "da" house. In da White House. What happened to da house set? Da White House set?
TURTLETAUB: Things changed a little.
BOJACK: You cut the Nixon scene? The Nixon scene is the core of the whole movie. Where we see Secretariat be morally corrupted and get to look into the real darkness of his soul.
KELSEY: It's still all that, except now it happens while you give a Christmas present to your nieces and they hug you while your butt is stuck in a chimney.
BOJACK: Is one of the nieces Nixon?
TURTLETAUB: Over hiatus, we ran a focus group. People don't want all that controversial stuff.
BOJACK: But we were supposed to make a gritty movie about the real Secretariat. Warts and all.
TURTLETAUB: Kid, "warts and all" don't pay bubkes. That's why they took the gay stuff out of A Beautiful Mind. Know that guy who spent 12 years as a slave? They don't talk about the 60 years he spent as a jerk.
BOJACK: Kelsey, you're okay with this?
KELSEY: That's showbiz.
TURTLETAUB: See, BoJack, that's the shrug of a pro who gets it. Good shrugging, kid.
RUTABAGA: Yo! Care-to-the-O-to-the-Lyn-to-the...That's the end of your name. We need to talk. We'll meet in the supply closetin one minute. Break!
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, okay.
RUTABAGA: Carolyn, when you're in the throes of a very ugly divorce such as I am, along with all that pain and degradation comes a certain perfect clarity, and right now that clarity is telling me that you and I should get out of here.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, what do you mean, "get out of here"?
RUTABAGA: Beautiful, I'm starting my own agency,and I want you to be my partner in crime.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What? But I can't just leave Vigor. I've been here 20 years. Who's gonna water the plants?
RUTABAGA: Um, I'm sorry. You water the plants here?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I started doing it as an intern, but then no one told me to stop, so it's still kind of my job.
RUTABAGA: Carolyn, you are my gritty, witty city kitty. I want you with me, fifty-fifty. 
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Things are so crazy for me right now. I--
RUTABAGA: Don't give me that, you want crazy. "Crazy" is your favorite Patsy Cline song and your second favorite Gnarls Barkley song.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't want crazy. I've got five episodes of The Good Wife piled up on my DVR, and I just want a night off to enjoy them.
RUTABAGA: Well, if that's how you feel, I guess I could just go to Vanessa Gekko.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Gekko?!
RUTABAGA: But I'd rather look at you all day. You're an amazing agent. And you're bright, and you're fun. And I think we could make something really special.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: We weren't doing anything! We were just looking for closet supplies.
STUART: Are you the person to talk to about unclogging the toilet?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Stuart, I'm your boss.
STUART: Okay, but you're the one in the janitor's closet, so...What, I'm the idiot?
DIANE: The first thing you noticeabout Sebastian St. Clair is that he speaks in paragraphs.
SEBASTIAN: Even I can't believe how much good we've done here, and I'll believe almost anything.
In the last six weeks,we dug a new well, built a school, and next month the community center is doing Seussical.
There we go.
DIANE: In his previous life, Sebastian owned a chain of high-end department stores.
SEBASTIAN: I want to stock up on muffs. We're going to sell a lot of muffs this winter. Huzzah!
Diane, I lived a life of power and luxury, and then my picture was in the newspaper. A real-life newspaper!
But I knew my life was empty. At night I heard the cries of children sick and dying.
And I would scream into the night. Shut up! Shut up, children!
But the phantom cries would not abate. And so I began my travels,
with little more than a compass, a yearning for adventure, and several crates full of unsold muffs.
I knew there were people out there just waiting for my help. Diane, this is Kinko.
KINKO: I am Kinko.
SEBASTIAN: In his language, it means, orphan whose parents were murdered by rebels and will die young, probably from malaria.
DIANE: Hi, Kinko. I'm Diane. It means, my parents liked the show Cheers.
SEBASTIAN: Cheers! Oh, you're good. You're very good.
DIANE: When Sebastian St. Clair says you're good, you want to believe that you really are good. That you, like Sebastian, are part of something bigger than just yourself.
And for a moment, you feel like you are.
Sebastian: Oh, Kinko made a mess. 
BOJACK: Now I finally realize that a triple hug is way more valuable than a Triple Crown. 
KELSEY: And cut. Neat. Let's break for lunch.
BOJACK: Kelsey, this is a nightmare. I had to touch three children today, and one of them was sticky. Yeah, it was you. Wash your damn hands, you gremlin.
KELSEY: BoJack, there's nothing we can do.
BOJACK: No, this isn't you. I've seen everything you've done. Your films are challenging and gritty, and they're great. I'm not just saying that because they're full of lesbians.
KELSEY: Look, even if I wanted to finish that Nixon scene, we don't have an Oval Office set.
BOJACK: There's one at the Nixon Library in Yorba Linda. 
KELSEY: Why on earth do you know that?
BOJACK: In season three of Horsin' Around, the horse got elected president and we shot on location. We can sneak into the library and get the shot, guerilla-style. Once Turteltaub sees it, he'll love it,
and we can make the movie we both want to make.
KELSEY: Okay, I'm in. Let's do it.
BOJACK: All right!
KELSEY: Did they really make your character president?
BOJACK: Only for season three. In season four, it turned out it was all a dream. They called my airplane Air Horse One. And the vice president was a hip-hop zebra named Zebro.
KELSEY: Come on.
BOJACK: Yeah, It wasn't our best season. But on the bright side, was not our worst. Step one, we go to the Nixon Library...and steal the scale model.
MAN: Welcome to my library. I'm Nixon. Yeah, you know, some people say I look like Nixon. Not because he's my dad or anything. That's crazy. Nixon's not my dad.
But if you have any questions about Nixon, I'd be happy to answer them.
TODD: Yeah, I have a question. Um...Is that the lighted exit sign from Nixon's boyhood home?
MAN: Uh, no, that's just an exit sign.
TODD: Is that...
BOJACK: Here we go.
TODD:...the handicapped drinking fountain he used in the White House?
MAN: No, just a normal drinking fountain.
BOJACK: Hang on.
TODD: One more. Is that the smoke alarm--?
MAN: No.
BOJACK: So the Oval Office is right here, next to the men's room. I remember because season three of Horsin' Around was a big cocaine year for me. All the pressures of being president.
KELSEY: I don't see how we'll pull this off.
BOJACK: We're gonna need a crack team. First, we gotta get the best lock-pick in the city.
LOCKPICK 1: Not interested.
BOJACK: Okay. The second best lock-pick in the city.
LOCKPICK 2: No way I'm doing that.
BOJACK: Got it. A lock-pick. Todd, can you pick locks?
TODD: Kind of.
BOJACK: Great. You're in. We'll need an expert cat burglar.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: All right, Good Wife, let's see what you got.
BOJACK: Hey, Princess Carolyn! Kelsey and I are gonna break into the Nixon library to steal a shot for our Secretariat movie.
It's a super-sneaky, kooky caper that stands to benefit you in no way. Are you in?
MAN: Hey! Shut up down there!
BOJACK: You shut up!
MAN: Make me!
BOJACK: Hey, you got a problem? Take it up with my agent, your downstairs neighbor Princess Carolyn. We'll need someone to play Checkers.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, Chicago! Al Capone, deep dish. What does Ethan Hawke know? We'll find out tonight. Da Bears. BoJack, I'd love to help you out,
but I'm super-busy recording promos for television's highest-rated new game show.
BOJACK: You know what, we can probably do it without you.
LEMUR: Okay, this next one's for Seattle.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, Seattle! Space Needle, Starbucks. What does Ethan Hawke know? We'll find out tonight. Rain.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's too bad though because I could really bring a lot to this project.
BOJACK: The more I think about it, Checkers wouldn't even be in the shot. It's just a single on Secretariat.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, Waco, Texas! Terrible tragedy. What does Ethan Hawke know? We'll find out tonight. So sorry.
BOJACK: You know what? Forget I even asked.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Twist my arm, why don't you? I'll do it.
BOJACK: Okay. Finally, we'll need a criminal mastermind.
ERMINE: Character actress Margo Martindale, you've been a model prisoner.
MARGO:I'm glad I served my time. But now I'm ready to move on with my life and get back to doing small roles in critically-acclaimed films and television shows.
PRISON GUARD: Watch, purse, lipstick, Emmy Award for Best Guest Actress.
BOJACK: I need your help with a break-in.
MARGO: BoJack, I've been out of prison for two minutes. What took you so long?
BOJACK: Okay, so Kelsey, Mr. Peanutbutter and I are gonna break into the library. But the problem is, the place is crawling with cops.
KELSEY: Yes, they're on high alert because some idiot stole this model last night.
BOJACK: Yeah, nice work, Todd.
KELSEY: Who am I kidding? I can't stay mad at you. You're adorable. Look at your big saucer eyes. I can go swimming in them!
TODD: Totally.
BOJACK: Now, we need to lose the cops. So the rest of you will create a diversion by breaking into the only other place in Yorba Linda of cultural significance:
the Discount Fine Art Gallery in the strip mall, between the tanning salon and the adult bookstore. Once you set off the alarm, all the cops will go over there.
Now, things could get ugly. One of you is very likely to die. Possibly Alan.
ALAN: Why possibly Alan?
TODD: Well, you are the guy none of us knows that well.
ALAN: I just came to fix your cable.
BOJACK: Alan, you already know too much. You're a part of this now, like it or not.
ALAN: But--
WANDA: Hey, you think you could keep it down? I'm reading a script and I'm having trouble focusing, so now my notes are gonna be confusing and vague.
BOJACK: We're almost done.
WANDA: I know you're having fun with your police cars, I just wish you would have asked before you invited all these people over. I live here, too.
BOJACK: You're right. I'm sorry.
WANDA: And can you at least let Alan fix the cable before he dies?
ALAN: I can't die. I'm endangered!
DIANE: "And the truffle-infused gnocchi was the star dish at this up-and-comer that will please the pickiest of Brooklynites and the less discerning Staten Islander."
KINKO: When I grow up, I can be food critic for New Yorker?
DIANE: You can do anything you want in life. I mean, not everyone can write for The New Yorker, but there's always The Atlantic.
Sebastian: Diane, I'm concerned you're spending a lot of time with this sickly child. Remember, you're supposed to be writing about me. Sure, but isn't this why we're here? To help these people?
DIANE: I'm here to help these people.
SEBASTIAN: You're here to help me help them by writing a book about me so people back home will give money to my foundation.
DIANE: Great.
TODD: Okay, come on. Over here. Get it. We're in. It's too late to turn back now. One of us isn't going to come out of this alive.
ALAN: Why do you all keep saying that? Why can't we all assume we're gonna make it out alive and go from there?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Alan, we've got enough problems without worrying about your imminent death. Can't we just all shut up and do this? Why does everything have to bea big, complicated mess?
Like, look at this Thomas Kinkade painting. It's simple. And serene. And... pleasant.
COP 1: I think that the vest makes me look kind of chunky. I don't do CrossFit five days a week to not look sweet in this uniform.
JEFF: I swear to God, if you don't shut up about CrossFit--
RADIO: Break-in at the Discount Fine Art Gallery at the strip mall.
COP 1: Let's roll! That's a thing we say at CrossFit.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Remember when my characteron Mr. Peanutbutter's House was elected president?
BOJACK: Let me guess, it was all a dream?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, I served half a term, then resigned because when Zachary had a bad time with peer pressure, I realized I was spending too much time being president and not enough time being a dad.
It's like you didn't even watch my show.
KELSEY: Okay, I'd like you here. And then you are going to be over here.
MAN: Freeze! 
KELSEY: I'm union.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Playing dead. 
MAN: Breaking and entering? That is against everything Nixon stood for.
BOJACK: We didn't mean to cause trouble. We're trying to make a movie about Nixon.
MAN: Yeah? What, another leftist screed about how corrupt he was? Or is it about how he had an illegitimate son, and the son never knew who his dad was, but always had a hunch it was Nixon,
and then that son grew up to be the security guard at the Nixon Library?
BOJACK: The second one?
MAN: Well, if that's true, how come you don't have an actor here to play Nixon?
BOJACK: Because...we couldn't find anyone who could appropriately capture his magic.
MAN: You know, I do a pretty good Nixon.
BOJACK: You? No way.
MAN: Hello, I'm Nixon. I can't be at your soccer game, but I am your father and I love you very much.
KELSEY: Oh, my God. He's perfect.
BOJACK: We've found our Nixon.
MAN: I can be ready in five.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh. Did we get the shot?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's so peaceful.
COP 1: Okay, folks. Party's over.That's something we say at CrossFit. 
JEFF: Wait a sec-- I know you! You were in Justified. You were amazing.
MARGO: Okay, you caught me. I am kind of a well-known character actress.
JEFF: I am such a huge fan, Miss, uh--What--? What's your name?
MARGO: Sure, of course. Everyone loves my work, but apparently not enough to watch the credits and find out what my name is.
COP 1: The important thing is that we enjoy your great performances, right?
MARGO: How about you enjoy this?
TODD: Margo, I thought we agreed, no guns.
MARGO: Oh, is that what we agreed to? I thought we said "no gum."
TODD: But you're also chewing gum.
MARGO: I'm a wild card.
JEFF: Return fire!
ALAN: Watch out!
TODD: Oh, no! Alan's dead!
ALAN: No, I'm fine. The bullet hit my cell phone.
TODD: Oh, no! Alan's cell phone is dead!
ALAN: Nope, phone's fine, too. Oh, hey, I got a text from my wife. She's going into labor. Guys, I'm gonna be a dad! See you later!
MARGO: Die, you chunky assholes!
COP 1: See, Jeff? This is what I'm talking about.
COP 1: Shoot!
PRINCESS CAROLYN: How could this be any more perfect? Vanessa Gekko. How did you get in this painting? I'm your servant, of course.
In your infinite generosity,you gave me this job when it became painfully clear that I don't have what it takes to be a "Hollywoo" power-agent.
Also, my husband left me. And my children married each other in an unholy incestuous union. Plus, I have, like, colitis or something.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: How appropriate! Fetch me drink, wench.
VANESSA: Right away, ma'am.
SEBASTIAN: Diane...
DIANE: The second thing you notice about Sebastian St. Clair is how much he talks about himself.
SEBASTIAN: This way is the library I built. And over there is the statue of me building the library. And on that wall is a painting of me posing for the statue.
Put a chapter in your book about that.
DIANE: The only respite from his constant bombast is sleep, and even then, sometimes...
SEBASTIAN: Everybody--Those of you who can walk, I mean.--let's drag these corpses to the mass grave behind the playground. We need to make room for my new hospital.
DIANE: Where's Kinko? Is he okay?
SEBASTIAN: Oh, no, no, he's certainly dead. See, Diane, I told you not to make friends.
DIANE: Jesus, you don't care about any of these people. You're just using them as props for your big-shot superhero act.
SEBASTIAN: Diane, the dead will not benefit from our grief, but the survivors need a new hospital and we need to build it.
DIANE: This is too much.
SEBASTIAN: If you're going to survive, you'll need to harden up. I asked you to join me because I thought you could handle it. But if you can't, you can go home.
DIANE:I...I can handle it.
SEBASTIAN: Great! Let's drag some bodies! Kinko! Oh, never mind.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, um, how come Nixon gets a line and I don't get a line?
BOJACK: We only gave him a line so he wouldn't call the police.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: If I call the police, will I get a line?
BOJACK: No, we won't use it in the movie. We only need the one-shot of me.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I just think if he gets a line, I should get a line.
BOJACK: Actors.
KELSEY: Okay, positions everyone. And... action.
MAN: I'm Nixon. The way you're feeling about your dead brother is how I feel about the son I'll never know. But I look at the moon and so does he. That's how I know we're connected.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And I'm Checkers.
KELSEY: All right, so, BoJack, you've been told that your brother, Jeffretariat, the one Nixon sent to Vietnam in your place, is dead. You're feeling the full weight of that guilt.
And the tears start to flow. And the tears start to flow.
BOJACK: Oh. I don't cry in front of other people.
KELSEY: Well, you need to. This is the emotional climax of the movie.
BOJACK: Yeah, okay, but I don't cry in front of other people. I can't.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Really, never? Come on. What if someone tells you they'll take you to the park, and they keep talking about the parkand all the fun you'll have, but then...But then they don't take you to the park.
I need a second.
BOJACK: Well, I'm sorry, I can't do it. I didn't know you wanted me to cry.
KELSEY: Can you give us the room, please?
MAN: There's a park right outside we can hang out at. Oh, we can't, the sprinklers are on.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, another beautiful, serene day in magical fantasy-painting world.
VANESSA: Queen Princess Carolyn, if I may, I have some exciting news. I just landed a new client. The mill owner! We're doing a three-picture deal about his waterwheel.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wait, you're making deals here?
VANESSA: I'll say. I'm now the biggest agent in the entire idyllic New England village. It's like you don't even read the idyllic New England village trades.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What? No! You're polluting my perfect serene dream life. Why is this happening? I don't know. It's your fantasy.
But if you ask me, I don't think you want perfect and serene and enough time to catch upon The Good Wife. Stop kidding yourself, Princess Carolyn. If you really wanted the simple life, you'd have a simple life.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, my God. I gotta get out of here.
VANESSA: Bye! Hey. Yeah, I got rid of her. Now this place is all mine. Get your demo guys together. Let's tear this old Tudor down and put up some condos! 
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay.
MARGO: This isn't just for me. It's for John Carroll Lynch, C.C.H. Pounder, and all the other character actors who live in lucrative obscurity. The blood I spill today is for us all!
I'm character actress Margo Martindale!
TODD: Yeah, I'm going to go with Princess Carolyn.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello?
DIANE: Hey.
MR.PEANUTBUTTER: There you are! I've been trying to call you all week.
DIANE: Yeah, the coverage in Cordovia is--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, Diane. Listen, I gotta tell you: I'm sorry I gave you sucha hard time about your trip. The truth is, I really am so proud of you. A lot of people talk big,
but you're actually out there helping people. You're the real deal, Diane.
DIANE: Yeah...
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: How is it there? Is it amazing?
DIANE: It's... good. It's hard, but it's good. I miss you.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I miss you, too, but I promise, these six months are gonna fly by.
DIANE: Yeah. How's the game show going?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, shit, I completely forgot I'm supposed to be hosting a game show right now. I gotta go.
DIANE: And that's when you realize that the book you've been writing in your head is never actually going to be a book, so you stop--
BOJACK: Look, I know what you're gonna say. I'm a dumb sitcom actor who's in over his head. I'm sorry that I thought I could do this. And I'm sorry I made you come here. I'm sorry for everything. I don't know what I'm doing.
KELSEY: BoJack, sit down. You've just been told your brother is dead and that it's your fault. But this moment is bigger than that. This is the moment that Secretariat stops running.Because this is the moment you realize
something inside you is broken, and it can never be fixed. We got it.
BOJACK: Really? I didn't cry.
KELSEY: You didn't have to. Turteltaub's gonna love this.
BOJACK:Oh. All right.
KELSEY: Thanks for talking me into this, Bojack. Just so you know, I'm really glad we're making this movie together.
BOJACK: Didn't know I had it in me, did you?
KELSEY: No, I knew.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hold the elevator, please.
RUTABAGA: Coming in?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm all in.
RUTABAGA: Whoa!
HORSE KID: Mommy, it's nearly Christmas. Where's Uncle Secretariat?
MOMMY: He had to go win a race against the Russians. But maybe, if he runs really fast...
BOJACK: Hey, where's Kelsey?
TURTLETAUB: Oh, yeah, funny story. Turns out you two knuckleheads snuck out last night and got that shot I told you not to get for the scene that's not in the movie anymore.
Silly me, I didn't like that. So I fired her ass.
BOJACK: What?
TURTLETAUB: We got a movie to finish, okay? So, why don't you go get into costume, get your butt up that chimney, and do your thing, Hamlet.
MOMMY: Just maybe, all we have to do is believe!
BOJACK:VWhat are you doing here?
DIANE: Hey, is it cool if I crash herefor a couple nights? I didn't know where else to go.

WANDA: Aw, she looks so peaceful. Think she's dreaming that she's not overstaying her welcome?
BOJACK: When she got that wine delivered to the house, I thought that was her thank-you present, that she was leaving, but then she just drank the wine. 
WANDA: That was five days ago.
TODD:Morning, everybody.
DIANE: Aah! Kinko! Another beautiful dayin the city of Brotherly Angels.
BOJACK: Todd, I don't recall accidentally ingesting poison, and yet here you are trying to make me vomit.
TODD: You wanna go buy me a kite and then fly a kite?
BOJACK: No. Kites are sky trash.
DIANE: Why is it so daytime right now?
TODD: Wanda? Wanna go surf some cloud waves? That's what I call wind.
WANDA: Sorry. Some of us have jobs. Not all of us. Just some of us.
TODD: Oh, yeah, my job. Morning Jerome.
SALINGER: What?
TODD: I'm done with my sabbatical and I'm ready to get back to work.
SALINGER: What sabbatical? I fired you.
TODD: Oh, I thought when you said, "You're fired," that was just you "giving me the business."
SALINGER: No, I was taking the "business" away from you.
TODD: Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.You wanna go fly a kite?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Put me down for a supersized "sounds great." But with an even larger main course of "sadly, I cannot."
I am swamped here at work. First, I gotta put my suit on. Then I gotta go to hair and makeup. Then we record the show.
And then I gotta take my suit off. So, that's, like, the whole day. Sorry.
SIGN: "Looking for a friend?"
TODD: Yes.
SIGN: "Need direction?"
TODD: I'm listening.
SIGN: "Try Scientology"?
MAN: Excuse me? Sir? Have you ever thought about trying improv comedy?
TODD: Improv comedy? I don't know...
MAN: Why not? It's not like there's anything else to do. Here on Mars.
TODD: We're on Mars?
MAN: Yes. And in a Martian ice cream shop. Care for a butterscotch swirl?
TODD: Whoa! The only limit is my imagination.
MAN: Why not come by our theater and try a free class?
TODD: Okay! Can I bring this food inside the theater?
MAN: Ha, good one. But no.
SECRETARIAT: "That's when I learned that guns can blow a vato away. But calculus? Calculus can blow a mind away."
ABE: Cut! We got it! That's the day, everybody.
BOJACK: You sure we got it, Abe?
ABE: Of course. You were phenomenal.
BOJACK: Really? Because that kid sneezed in the middle of my monologue.
ABE: We can fix that in post.
WOMAN: Abe, I'm supposed to tell you the boom mike fell into the last shot.
BOJACK: You sure you don't wanna get another take? Just for safety?
ABE: What am I, Kubrick? We can fix all this stuff in post. It's an easy scene. Secretariat's a nice guy, the Spanish kids learn a lesson. Boom. Bam! Done!
BOJACK: But Secretariat never actually taught math in South Central.
ABE: I don't know what Secretariat did or didn't do. I wasn't there.
BOJACK: Yeah, but--
ABE: Okay, so the studio wants gangbangers, we'll give them gangbangers. We get paid either way, right?
BOJACK: I guess.
ABE: I can't wait to get home. I got a coq au vin in the slow cooker. You like coq au vin?
BOJACK: I think so. Is that the move where a French girl pours soup in--
ABE: Come over for dinner, okay? You'll love it.
BOJACK: Okay.
ABE: Chin up, big guy. So, we ain't making Casablanca.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack. Shut up.
BOJACK: Aah! What are you--?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: No one can know I'm here.
BOJACK: What?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Shut your stupid mouth, you idiot. As you know, you're my favorite client. If I left Vigor, would you follow me to a new agency?
BOJACK: Sure, but no one's gonna hire me after this movie comes out. The script turned into a piece of shit, and the director is a total hack. Good guy, total hack.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Let's get you something before the movie comes out. We got an offer in for this new play off-Broadway.
BOJACK: Theater? That's what real actors do.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, I told them that, but they said she wanted you.
BOJACK: She?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, this hot new playwright Jill Pill.She came out of nowhere.
BOJACK: Jill Pill?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: New York Magazine called herthe enfant terrible of the immersive theater world, and then later clarifiedthat that's a compliment.
BOJACK: It sounds like the kind of thing I should be doing now. Something artistic and bold.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Rehearsals start in two weeks. Are you ready to go to New York for six months?
BOJACK: New York's a great city to live in for six months and not a second longer and only if you're insanely wealthy. I can't wait!
IMPROV GROUP: Now, that's a lot of apple sauce. Apple sauce!
TOOD: Oh-ho! That was so funny. Which one of you guys wrote all those funny jokes?
IMPROV GUY: No, Todd, here at Shenanigags, we make things up on the spot. Let's try it. Give me a suggestion.
TODD: Uh... I don't know. Suggestions?
IMPROV GUY: Your suggestion was "suggestions."
IMPROV GIRL: Way to break the fourth wall.
BRYAN: That wasn't that funny. My name's Bryan and you haven't won me over yet.
IMPROV GIRL: Oh, Bryan.
IMPROV GUY: Todd, in improv, we get suggestions from an audience then make up scenes based on them. There are just a few simple rules.You don't ask questions. You don't say no.
No matter what. When someone makes a suggestion, you always try to build on it. We call that "yes, and..."
IMPORV GIRL: Yes, and if you mess up, that's okay. It's all part of the fun.
TOOD: Is it really that simple?
BRYAN: Ugh! It's incredibly complicated and requires years of training.
IMPROV GIRL: Oh, Bryan.
IMPROV GUY: But improv isn't just about a constant clamoring for attention and validation. It's about community.
TODD: I've always wanted to be partof a community.
IMPROV GUY: Well, you are now. Your first class is $200.
TODD: I thought you said it was free.
IMPROV GUY: Oh, that was just me doing an improv.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I am so proud of you. Every day I'm telling people all about the great stuff you're doing there.
DIANE: Yeah, I don't know--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And they say, "Wow, she sounds amazing." And I say, "I'm here to confirm she is an incredible woman."
DIANE: Well-- 
MR. PEANUTBUTER: You know, the sound guy's wife works with at-risk teens. And I was like, "Yeah, that's okay, but compared to what my wife is doing, your wife is bullshit!"
And he had to agree with me. Because I am his boss.
DIANE: Listen--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Let me talk to one of the locals. I wanna hear someone else talk about how what a selfless hero my wife is.
DIANE: Oh, uh...
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ah, now come on.
DIANE: Most refugees got their tongues cut out.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Find one with a tongue.
DIANE: I don't think--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Indulge me.
DIANE: Okay. Hello. I am refugee from village.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, what's your name, Superstar?
DIANE: Uh, my name is...Coffee Maker. 
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Kofi Makir. Am I pronouncing that right?
IMPROV GUY 2: Hey, Todd, you had some killer provsin class today.
IMPROV GIRL: Yes, and that zombie dentist scenewas so innovative.
BRYAN: Eh...
IMPROV GIRL: Oh, Bryan.
IMPROV GUY: Guys, look. It's Copernicus.
TODD: Who's that?
BRYAN: What are you, new?
TODD: Yes, I am new.
IMPROV GIRL: Copernicus is the founder of Shenanigags. That guy is the Jan-Ove Waldnerof modern improv.
TODD: Who is Jan-Ove Waldner?
IMPROV GIRL: The Michael Jordan of table tennis.
TODD: Oh. Let's go talk to him.
IMPROV GUY: Are you kidding? You can't just go up and talk to Copernicus.
BRYAN: Man, Todd, you don't know shit. You're just a tourist.
TODD: No, I'm not.
BRYAN: If you're one of us, prove it. Go improv that lady over there. Freestyle. No audience, no net.
TODD: I don't know...
BRYAN: Hey, if you're down with the prov, you gotta prove that prov.
TODD: All right. I'll do it. Hello, old ma'am.
OLD LADY: Oh, hello. I'm just waiting for my friend Doris. Have you seen her?
TODD: Yes, and she exploded?
OLD LADY: Doris exploded?
IMPROV GIRL: You just got prov'd!
IMPROV GUY 2: In your face, lady!
BRYAN: The streets are ours!
TODD: Hurray, improv! I did it!
BRYN: You have briefly won me over.
OLD LADY: Poor Doris...
BOJACK: That is not what I thought coq au vin was. But it's great.
ABE: Well, I'm no Emeril Lagasse, but we do get by.
SHIRLEY: Oh, stop. ABE: Bam! Like Emeril? Ha, remember that? He said "bam."
WANDA: I don't know who Emeril is, but he sounds delightful. Hey, should I give him a sitcom?
SHIRLEY: BoJack, Abe tells me you guys are almost done with the movie.
ABE: One week left!
SHIRLEY: You two lovebirds gonna do any traveling or anything?
WANDA: I'll be traveling back and forth to New York for the next few months because BoJack's doing a play there after you finish.
SHIRLEY: Oh, I love plays.
ABE: A play.
SHIRLEY: That's my favorite place to eat crinkly candies.
BOJACK: Yeah, I can't wait to finally work on something good, you know?
SHIRLEY: Oh?
BOJACK: Although I gotta hand it to your husband. It has been a really painless shoot, even though the movie's gonna be a piece of shit, am I right?
ABE: What?
WANDA: Oh, you said "piece of ship," right? Like shipshape?  Anyway, what were we talking about? Who knows? Okay, moving on.
BOJACK: Hey, it's fine. Abe knows what we're making. Right?
SHIRLEY: Wanda, would you help me with dessert?
WANDA: Uh, okay.
ABE: Yeah. New York is so great in the summer, but I don't think we're going to be done in time. We're looking at a ton of reshoots.
BOJACK: Are you kidding?
ABE: Well, you know, because the movie's such a piece of shit and all.
BOJACK: Did that hurt your feelings? I mean, you're the one who said we're not making Casablanca.
ABE: Right, because Casablanca is a movie about a club owner named Rick. This movie's about Secretariat, a racehorse.
BOJACK: Wait, you literally meant we're not making the actual movie Casablanca? 
ABE: That movie already exists. Why would we make Casablanca? This is a different movie.
BOJACK: I think there was a misunderstanding.
ABE: Wrong, boy-o. There was a mister-understanding. And that mister is meunderstanding you just fine. You come into my home and you call my work shit? You know what I think? You're shit.
BOJACK: What?
ABE: You think I don't get enough takes? I'll get more takes. Just wait, see how many takes I can get. Well, don't go. We haven't had dessert yet. Shirley's lemon meringue? Mwah.
I mean, it's no banana cream pie.
BOJACK: Because it's a different kind of pie?
ABE: That's right.
WANDA: Why did you have to antagonize him?
BOJACK: I wasn't trying to antagonize him. He said, "It's no Casablanca."
WANDA: Well, what's done is done.
BOJACK: Course, you're happy about it. You didn't want me to go to New York in the first place. Lucky me, I get to stay here and work on this movie that's gonna ruin my career.
WANDA: There's no reason to sulk about it, right?
DIANE: Or you could sulk about it.
BOJACK: Diane does raise some good points.
WANDA: No, she doesn't.
WANDA: Besides, I don't think Diane's the person you wanna be going to for life advice now.
DIANE: Why? Just because I've been drinking myself to sleep on your deck chairs and lying to my husband for the last week? Hey, there's a Cheez-It on the shelf.
I knew I kept these things around for a reason.
TODD: I just had the most amazing prov sesh.
BOJACK: No one cares, Todd.
TODD: Hey, you guys wanna help me practice? Make a suggestion.
BOJACK: Stop.
TODD: Aah. Sorry, officer, I didn't see that stop sign. Yes. And my car runs on farts.
WANDA: Ugh!
BOJACK: Stop. No, stop it.
WANDA: Please stop.
BOJACK: Not a suggestion.
TODD: Okay.I just hope I impress the elder council. I want to become a Level Two, so I can finally achieve clarity on the Mainstage with the chosen ones.
DIANE: Oh, shit, Todd's in a cult.
TODD: What? No, improv is not a cult. It's just a dogmatic school of thought taught by a for-profit organization with the promise of social and professional opportunities.
DIANE: Ahh.
BOJACK: It's a cult. And I know. I learned a little about cults during that year I was a Scientologist. Coincidentally during that year, I read a book about cults.
WANDA: Wait, are you saying Scientology is a cult?
BOJACK: No, Scientology is not a cult. Improv is a cult. I wanna be very clear. This is about improv.
TODD: I really don't think it's that bad, guys.
DIANE: Why does anything matter, right? Love is an illusion, and happiness is fleeting, and there's no such thing as God, and all your favorite musicians beat their wives. Allegedly.
WANDA: Would you talk to her?
BOJACK: Yes.
TODD: Yes, and I am a Nazi Kardashian. Heyyy... Hitler.
WANDA: Please stop.
IMPROV GIRL: President Lohan! Get away from that fire hose!
ALL: Fire hose!
TODD: Sorry I'm late, guys!
IMPROV GUY: Todd, we take tardiness seriously here at Shenanigags. If you miss one more class, you're out.
TODD: I'm sorry. But, wait, Bryan isn't here. He's later than I am.
IMPORV GUY: Bryan's not gonna be at practice anymore. He's been negative, so Copernicus thought he could benefit from some time away. He's been reassigned to the Shenanigags comedy cruise line, the Giggleship.
TODD: Is that a reward or a punishment?
IMPORV GUY: That's up to Bryan. Let's have no more questions about the Giggleship.
TODD: Oh, uh, all right. Well, you know,I was actually talking to my best friend, and he said improv is a cult. I mean, that's crazy, right?
IMPORV GUY: If you think Shenanigags is a cult, you're free to go, Todd.
TODD: Oh, no. I don't wanna go. I love this place. My friend just doesn't know how great you guys are.
IMPORV GIRL: It sounds like your friend's not yes-and'ing you. 
IMPORV GUY: Invite him to your graduation show. If he's too negative to support you, you should take a good hard think about if that's the kind of energy you want in your life.
TODD: I hate good hard thinks.
DIANE: I love you, too, Mr. Peanutbutter.But I--I gotta go. I'm--Yeah, I'm building a school for deaf kids. The kids get jealous if I'm talking on the phone. Uh, okay, bye.
BOJACK: So, hey, hi. How long are you thinking of staying here? Just for my own reference.
DIANE: Oh, shit. Is Wanda making you get rid of me?
BOJACK: No one is making me do anything.
DIANE: Except keep acting in this movie you hate.
BOJACK: Well, yeah.
DIANE: I really thought I could do it. I thought I could go far away and help people and be this best possible version of myself.
BOJACK: And what happened?
DIANE: I couldn't. I wasn't the person I thought I was.
BOJACK: I'd love to stay and wallow with you, but I gotta head out. Today we're filming what used to be the scene where Secretariat commits suicide, but is now a scene where he swims in a fishing hole with his girlfriend "Susie Side."
DIANE: Yeesh. If you wanna blow off work, I'm probably just gonna sit on the couch, drink beer, and watch old episodes of Horsin' Around.
BOJACK: Hmm.
TV: And if I hear one more peep out of you--Sabrina! What? I didn't peep! Oh!
DIANE: Sabrina was such a little bitch.
BOJACK: She was an orphan. She had a tough life.
WANDA: Hey, Diane, you're still here. And BoJack is here. Did you go to work today?
BOJACK: I was gonna, but then I remembered everything is garbage, so why bother doing anything?
DIANE: True story.
WANDA: Okay.
TV: Oh, you didn't. Oh, you did.
RUTABAGA: Hello.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, could you get the door?
RUTABAGA: Whoa.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mm.
RUTABAGA: The property's gonna be ready in June. Gives us two months to get everything we need out of this place.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mm. Perfect.
RUTABAGA: Just so you know, I had to register the corporation in your name.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?
RUATABAGA: Just until the divorce is finalized. Katie's lawyers are watching me closely right now. They're hawks. I mean, not literally. Well, one literally.
Know what, actually, he might be a falcon.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Rutabaga, this is too--
RUTABAGA: This is a temporary technicality, I promise. I'm not gonna leave you holding the bag. Okay?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mm. 
RUTABAGA: Mm.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, your assistant wasn't out there,so I just-- 
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, hello. 
RUTABAGA: Look at this urn.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What's going on in here?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mr. Peanutbutter, shut the door. Rutabaga and I are starting a new agency, and we want you to come with us.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, well, well, what delicious irony. It appears the cat is chasing the dog.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are you in or out?
PEANUTBUTTER: Are you kidding? You're the agent who got me Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What do they know?
RUTABAGA: Right, so--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Do they know things?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Let's find out.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Right--
RUTABAGA: Big fan.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I like you guys. I like your hustle and I like your matching lipstick.
RUTABAGA: Well, um--
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I am in.
RUTABAGA: Mm-hm.
TV: Go home, Goober.
BOJACK: Yeah! Go home, Goober!
DIANE: Goober sucks. Why doesn't he ever go home?
WANDA: Yeah, Goober's the one who should go home.
DIANE: You suck, Goober!
BOJACK: Hey, Goober! Get murdered!
DAINE: Go sit on a sharp dick, you piece of shit.
TODD: Hey, guys.
BOJACK: Shut up, Todd.
TODD: BoJack, listen, I-- 
DIANE: Hey, whoa!
BOJACK: Boo! Party foul! You knocked over Bucking-can Palace.
DIANE: Come on!
TODD: Uh, sorry, I'll clean that up later.
BOJACK: Listen to this guy, "clean it up later." Hasn't picked up his shit in years.
DIANE: Clean up your shit, Todd.
TODD: BoJack, I wanted to invite you to my graduation show tomorrow night.
BOJACK: What?
TODD: Look, I know you think it's just a dumb cult, but you're my best friend and it would really mean a lot if you came. I'm gonna go down to the basement to practice my space work.
And here I am going downstairs.
BOJACK: Hello?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey BoJack, What kind of pants are you wearing now?
BOJACK: What? I don't know. The normal kind.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah? Mm. Are they comfy? A comfy pair of pants?
BOJACK: I guess. Why?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Just wondering what kind of hit you're gonna take when the studio sues the pants off you for breach of contract.
BOJACK: They're suing me? Also, are you wearing comfortable shoes? Because that was a long road to walk to get to that punch line.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, This is serious.
BOJACK: So, we're not just doing bits?Because you started it with the pants thing.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: You need to go back to set. You can't just not go to work. Remember, you wanted this.
WOMAN: Are you saying you're finally ready to settle down with yours truly?
BOJACK: Darn tootin'. I may be a professional racehorse, but I'm tired of running in circles.
ABE: Cut! Perfect. But let's get that last part again.
BOJACK: Anything you want me to do differently?
ABE: No, I just think we should get it again. You know, for safety. Action!
BOJACK: I'm tired of running in circles.
ABE: And again?
BOJACK: I'm tired of running in circles.
ABE:Why don't we get it like five more times?
BOJACK: I'm tired of running in circles. I'm tired of running in circles. I'm tired of running in circles. I'm tired of running in circles. I'm tired of running in circles.
ABE: Let's get it ten more times.
DIANE: Ta-da! 
BOJACK: We did it. What now?
DIANE: We die, have our guts ripped out through our noses, and get enshrined inside of it. Duh.
WANDA: Hey, BoJack, can I talk to you for a minute?
DIANE: Ooh...
WANDA: Alone, please?
DIANE: Oh...
WANDA: So, good news. We're gonna go on a trip. Right now. You and me.
BOJACK: What?
WNADA: I booked us a room for the weekend. Pack your bags, let's go.
BOJACK: Where? Why?
WNADA: Less asking, more basking. In the sun, that is. Santa Barbara.
BOJACK: I'm not really in the mood for--
WANDA: I think some time away could be really good for us, as a couple.
BOJACK: Oh.
WANDA: I know you've been really bummed out about the movie, but I don't think moping around the house with Diane all day is healthy.
BOJACK: All I've ever wanted was to be in this movie, and you just want me to put on a happy face--
WANDA: Yes. There are lots of people who don't like their jobs. Doesn't mean they have to bring it home with them--
BOJACK: Yeah, that's easy for you to say.
WANDA: What is that supposed to mean?
BOJACK: Well, come on. You're a network executive. You don't give a shit about work.
WANDA: I actually have a lot of pride in what I do.
BOJACK: What? You have a lot of pride? Your job is to pump out garbage every year hoping some of the garbage stinks less than the rest so you can quietly renew that garbage and keep failing sideways
until you retire to a three-point-five bedroom garbage in Beverly Garbage and spend the rest of your life watching your former assistant's garbage.
WANDA: I don't know where this is all coming from. Every good thing that ever happened to you happened because of network executives like me. That show you spend all day watching, your house, your career--
BOJACK: Great house, great career, great life! Must be why I'm so goddamn happy all the time! You don't know--
WANDA: I don't know?
BOJACK: My life was ruined by a network executive like you.
WANDA: Well, I'm sorry that things have been so hard for you, but that doesn't give you the right to be shitty to me. I can't be around someone who's just fueled by bitterness and negativity.
BOJACK: Well then, what are you doing here?
WANDA: What happened, BoJack?
BOJACK: Same thing that always happens. You didn't know me. Then you fell in love with me. And now you know me.
WANDA: You know, it's funny. When you look at someone through rose-colored glasses, all the red flags just look like flags.
BOJACK: So, Wanda's moving out. 
DIANE: Oh, shit. Because of me?
BOJACK: No. Because of me.
DIANE: I'm sorry. You wanna watch another episode of Horsin' Around? We're at the one where Olivia does the school project where she pretends an egg is a baby.
Spoiler alert: Ethan needs to make an omelet.
BOJACK: Why won't you go home?
DIANE: I should. I know I should. I wish I could just go home right now and crawl into bed and not have to talk about anything or explain anything. He would just say, "How was your day?" And then he would say,
"Hey, did you know the monorail was invented by George Monorail?" And I would say, "I don't think that's true." And he would say, "Well, if he didn't invent it, he certainly perfected it." And I wouldn't have to say, "I'm sorry I left.
I'm sorry I made things so difficult. I'm sorry I'm not the personI thought I was." I would just say, "My day was good." And he would say, "I love you."
BOJACK: The longer you keep lying to him, the harder it's gonna get.
DIANE: Can I ask you something? That play in New York, would that really have made you happy?
BOJACK: Yeah. I mean, for a little bit.
DIANE: And if Kelsey didn't get fired, and you got to make the Secretariat movie you wanted to make, would that have made you happy?
BOJACK: For a little bit. But then... Probably...
DIANE: So, what does it matter?
BOJACK: But there has to be more.
DIANE: Well, when's the last time you were actually happy?
TODD: You microchipped my penis? Check, please!
ALL: Microchip. Todd!
DIANE: Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey. How are you?
DIANE: I can't do this anymore.
MR.PEANUTBUTTER: You can't do what anymore?
DIANE: I can't talk to you on the phone all the time. It's too hard.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, have you tried Bluetooth?
DIANE: I think maybe we should stop calling each other, for a little bit. I'm sorry. I just miss you too much. But listen, I love you. Okay? Mr. Peanutbutter?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, yeah. Uh, okay. I love you, Diane.
ABE: Where is he?
GIRL: I don't know, sir.
ABE: He can't do this to me. Where the hell is he?

CHARLOTTE: What are you doing here?
BOJACK: You said if I was in town to give you a call. Wanna get a drink?
CHARLOTTE: It's eight in the morning.
BOJACK: It's 5:00 p.m. in Los Angeles.
CHARLOTTE: That's not true.
BOJACK: I don't know what time it is.
CHARLOTTE: When's the last time you slept? You look like shit.
BOJACK: Really? 'Cause you look like a million...
CHARLOTTE: Yeah, let's get you back to my place.
BOJACK: What about the store? What if somebody has an emergency and they need more...turquoise shit?
CHARLOTTE: It's New Mexico. They'll find it. It's really good to see you.
BOJACK: It's good to see you, too.
CHARLOTTE: I can't wait for you to meet Kyle and the kids.
BOJACK: Kyle and the kids? Please tell me that's the name of your band.
PENNY: So, who are you again? You were friends with Mom when she lived in L.A.?
BOJACK: Your mom never mentioned she used to hang out with the BoJack Horseman? Star of screen and... book?
TRIP: Wait, Mom lived in Los Angeles?
BOJACK: Never came up? All these years?
CHARLOTTE: It was a long time ago.
PENNY: Oh, gross. Mom, Trip has a boner again. Trip.
KYLE: Trip, let's dial back the boners.
PENNY: Gross.
TRIP:-What? I can't help it.
PENNY: Trip, ew.
CHARLOTTE: You are at the breakfast table with your parents, your big sister, and an old man. What could possibly be arousing you?
BOJACK: Am I the old man?
TRIP: I don't understand how it works. I guess I was just excited that I finished the maze on the back of the cereal box.
KYLE: So, BoJack. What brings you to Tesuque?
PENNY: So, we're just gonna change the subject and pretend Trip isn't being a huge perv right now?
CHARLOTTE: Yeah, Penny, that's the plan.
TRIP: Talking about it makes it worse. I think it likes attention.
BOJACK: Well, Charlotte told me if I was ever in New Mexico I should call her.
PENNY: But what are you doing in New Mexico?
CHARLOTTE: Yeah, what are you doing in New Mexico?
BOJACK: I, uh...
PENNY: You didn't drive all this way just to see my mom, did you?
BOJACK: No, of course not. That would be crazy, to come all this way just to see a woman I haven't had a real conversation with in 30 years. I mean, obviously, that would be crazy.
CHARLOTTE: Uh...
BOJACK: Because she has a family, which is great.
KYLE: Yeah.
BOJACK: You guys are great.
KYLE: Yeah.
BOJACK: So, I'm just here to, you know, say hello.
KYLE: Mm.
BOJACK: On my way to see...
TRIP: On your way to sea?
BOJACK: Yes. To the sea. To the shining sea. Because I'm here to buy... a boat. At the... Santa Fe Boat Show.
KYLE: I've never heard of a Santa Fe Boat Show.
BOJACK: That's 'cause... it's a secret boat show. Invitation-only.
KYLE: Huh.
BOJACK: Mostly athletes and visiting dignitaries and big-time celebrities and... kings.
KYLE: Wow.
PENNY: Hold up. If you live in Los Angeles, which is right on the ocean, why would you drive all the way here to go to a boat show in the middle of landlocked New Mexico?
BOJACK: Jeez, so many questions. What is this, Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities, What Do They Know, Do They Know Things, Let's Find Out? Oh, gotta take this. It's my... boat... guy. Hello?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, so I got Turtel--
BOJACK: Hey, Knute. You got any leads for me, boat-wise?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?
BOJACK: Sounds perfect, Knute. Now tell me, do we need a poop deck?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Huh?
BOJACK: Well, if Leo has one, then I want one.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack--
BOJACK: In fact, I want two, two poop decks. Sorry about that. What's going on?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Where the hell are you?
BOJACK: Tesuque.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Te-who-ka?
BOJACK: Tesuque, New Mexico. Outside Santa Fe.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are you te-stupid? If you don't get your ass back te-set, you're gonna get te-sued.
BOJACK: Just get me a couple of days.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: For what? What are you doing there?
BOJACK: I don't know, I just...This isn't what I expected.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, I can probably stave them off till Monday if you get pinkeye. Can you get pinkeye?
BOJACK: I have to go.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wait, BoJack, when are you coming back?
BOJACK: Soon. Yep, I want the starboard to be fully starboard.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?
BOJACK: And the port to be... also starboard.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Huh?
BOJACK: Thanks a lot. Goodbye.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wait, BoJack--
BOJACK: Hey. 
CHARLOTTE: I'm really glad you're here.
BOJACK: Oh, yeah... uh, me, too.
CHARLOTTE: I hope this isn't weird for you. You know, me having a family and--
BOJACK: Why would it be weird?  At our age, it's weird if you don't have a family. I mean...
CHARLOTTE: Well, not for you.
BOJACK: No.
CHARLOTTE: 'Cause you've been busy.
BOJACK: Right.
CHARLOTTE: With your career.
BOJACK: Sure, yeah, my career has kept me super busy. 
CHARLOTTE: Anyway, I know you're just in town for the boat show, but seriously... make yourself at home.
BOJACK: I really don't want to impose. If there's anything I can do to help around here--
PENNY: Mom, Dad was supposed to take me driving after school today, but now he's gotta take Trip to his dumb-ass basketball game.
TRIP: It's the quarter-finals.
PENNY: You'll just get a hard-on in the game.
TRIP: Now I will get a hard-on because you made me think about it. Thanks a lot.
CHARLOTTE: I'll take you driving this weekend.
PENNY: I need to practice every day. I'm the only senior who still doesn't have a license. It's embarrassing.
CHARLOTTE: Well, I got the store, and I already took the morning off, so unless you know any other adults...
PENNY: Can BoJack take me?
BOJACK: Huh?
CHARLOTTE: What?
PENNY: I mean, he is an adult.
CHARLOTTE: Well, I mean, if it's okay with BoJack. You'd really be doing me a huge favor.
BOJACK: Well, I guess I could make some time...before the boat show. Keep your eyes on the road, both hands on the wheel.
PENNY: Okay.
BOJACK: And don't text and drive, unless it's an emergency, like you have a really funny thing that you just have to text someone.
PENNY: Got it.
BOJACK: So, let me ask you something. Tsk. Do your parents really love each other, or is it a stay-together-for-the-kids situation?
PENNY: What? Why would you ask me that?
BOJACK: I don't know. I'm just making conversation. Why do we keep passing the same house?
PENNY: No, I don't. Shut up.
BOJACK: You shut up. What's the story? Cute guy live there? Girl you hate? Weird college kid that gives you Adderall?
PENNY: Okay, fine. That's Diego Mendoza's house. He's just this stupid guy, but he's in my calculus class, and sometimes we'll do this thing where he goes, "Hey,"and then I go, "Hey."
Then he goes, "What's the homework?" and I tell him. It's not like a big deal or anything, but it's like this thing we do.
BOJACK: Cool thing.
PENNY: So, anyway...My best friend, Alison F. was talking to Rachel Kaplan.
BOJACK: Do I really need to know these names?
PENNY: Rachel heard from Ray-Ray and the Bean that Diego said if prom happened right now he'd want to go with Ali Sandler, and I'm like, "Yeah, pfft, okay, dude. "You know what I mean?
BOJACK: You know I don't know any of these people, right?
PENNY: But then he said since prom's not for another two months, he could "foresee a situation" where he would want to go with me, because he knows I'm a real girl who's mostly chill. 
BOJACK: If you're so mostly chill, why do you keep driving by his house?
PENNY: You know, in case he comes out, to, like, check the mail or something. I'll get out of the car and be like, "Oh, my God, Diego, that's so funny. I was just going for a drive." And he'll be like, "Oh, hey." And I'll be like, "Hey."
'Cause that's our thing, you know?
BOJACK: That's the whole plan?
PENNY: Well, it's better than your plan for buying a boat in New Mexico. Dude, what are you really doing here?
BOJACK: I didn't... like the person I was in L.A. And I didn't know where else to go. Please do not tell your parents.
PENNY: Well, I won't, but I think people are gonna notice if you go to a boat show and don't come back with a boat. Oh, my God, there he is. Get down! Oh, my God. 
BOJACK: What are you doing? What happened to your plan?
PENNY: Oh! I panicked. I didn't know he'd be wearing a tank top. Don't tell my parents I crashed your car.
BOJACK: Yeah, deal.
TRIP: They didn't even put me in.
CHARLOTTE: I'm sorry, sweetheart.
KYLE: But, you did some great cheering from the bench, and for someone who never plays, you sweat a lot.
TRIP: Maybe they'll put me in next game.
KYLE: I'm sure they will. No way they'll do that.
KYLE: What the...? What a boat.
TRIP: Can I go on your boat?
BOJACK: I don't see what's stopping you.
TRIP: Yeah! Woo-hoo! I'm going on a boat! I got my way!
CHARLOTTE: Where's your car?
BOJACK: I junked it. Who needs a car when you got a boat?
TRIP: Whoa, sweet, a waterbed. On a boat! Think of the amount of floating!
BOJACK: Please stay out of the bedroom.
KYLE: Does she have a name?
BOJACK: Who? The boat? It does not.
KYLE: Come on. You gotta give her a name.
PENNY: You should call her the Escape From L.A.
BOJACK: That actually is a good name for it, the nongendered object.
KYLE: Oh, she's a good girl. I can tell, she's a good girl, isn't she? Or are you a bad girl?
BOJACK: Are you flirting with my boat right now?
KYLE: No, just kidding around. I'm kind of the comedian of the family. Mind if I get on top of her?
BOJACK: Knock yourself out.
PENNY: Dad, don't be gross.
CHARLOTTE: Wow, you really got a boat.
BOJACK: Yeah, sure did.
CHARLOTTE: So, does that mean you're leaving?
BOJACK: Oh, I, uh...Yeah, I guess, uh... I guess I did...do what I came here to do.
CHARLOTTE: You don't have to go right away, right? At least stay till the end of the weekend.
BOJACK: Yeah? I don't wanna put you out.
CHARLOTTE: Oh, it's no bother. And at least now you have your own bed. Besides... heh, everyone here loves you.
BOJACK: Uh, everyone?
KYLE: Don't use the bathroom. It'll end up in the driveway.
TRIP: Too late.
CHARLOTTE: Seriously, stay as long as you want.
BOJACK: What?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, great news. Do you still want to go to New York? Because Jill Pill--
BOJACK: Jill Pill? I don't care about this.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, moving on. Do you remember when we were at Herb's funeral and you told me--?
BOJACK: Whatever it is, I don't care.
TRIP: Oh, there's a kitchen! Can we make pizza bagels?
KYLE: Yeah, family dinner on the boat.
BOJACK: Hey, uh, I'm not gonna be back on set Monday.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What? How long do I have to keep putting out fires for you? I don't know, Princess Carolyn. Maybe just let them burn.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?
BOJACK: I think I might be here a while.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, I--
KYLE: Well, who's getting seasick? Just kidding.
LIZARD LADY: It's such an eyesore.
LIZARD MAN: Well, I'm sure if we ask them nicely, they'll move the boat.
CHARLOTTE: BoJack?
BOJACK:Yeah?
CHARLOTTE: Supper's ready.
BOJACK: So, I had another meeting today with the Drama Chair at SFCC. I think they're gonna offer me a position.
CHARLOTTE: What? That's amazing.
KYLE: Oh, that's cool. Congratulations.
BOJACK: There's a real stick-in-the-mud dean there who doesn't like my in-your-face style. If I know me, it might lead to some pretty zany misadventures.
TRIP: Mm. Brussels sprouts are delicious, Mom.
KYLE: It's funny you brought up the Brussels sprouts, because I think they're terrible. I'm just kidding around. These are great, hon.
Penny, did you hear my bit about the Brussels sprouts?
A bit is what they call a joke in show business. Right, BoJack?
BOJACK: That's right, buddy. String a bunch of those together and you got yourself a riff.
PENNY:You're not funny, Dad. Your jokes are never funny.
KYLE: Okay... I think someone's in a mood.
PENNY: Oh, my God. I'm not in a mood. Whatever. Get bent. I hate my life. I can't wait to be dead.
BOJACK AND CHARLOTTE: I'll talk to her.
PENNY: So everyone has been saying for months that Diego was gonna ask me to prom.
CHARLOTTE: Yeah?
PENNY: But he keeps not doing it.
BOJACK: That is so typical Diego.
PENNY: So, I thought, okay, if he's not going to ask me, I'll ask him.
CHARLOTTE: Way to take initiative.
BOJACK: Oh. Rookie mistake.
PENNY: So, I asked him and he said no. And then this other girl, Lyla K., came up to him and was just like, "Hey." And he was like, "Hey." And that's our thing.
BOJACK: Well, I don't want to tell tales out of school, but this Lyla K. character sounds like a real bust-ass super-skank.
PENNY: Thank you, that is exactly what she is and it's weird that nobody talks about it.
CHARLOTTE: Well, you know, sometimes it's nice to not have a date, because you can actually--
PENNY: Mom. I can't go to the prom without a date. It's not like when you were in high school and you'd go to your sock hops, or whatever.
CHARLOTTE: Do you think I went to high school in the '50s?
BOJACK: Penny, hey, I got an idea. You should take me to the prom. Everybody loves having BoJack around.
PENNY: What? Why?
BOJACK: Think about it. If you went with Diego, you'd be nervous. "Does he like me? Am I cool?" But with me you can just relax and enjoy yourself.
Diego will see you have a good time without him, and that'll make him super jealous. So, he'll come up to you, and he'll say, "Hey." And then you say, "Hey."
PENNY: Oh, that's so cold.
BOJACK: Right?
PENNY: Wait---Rachel Kaplan's gonna shit herself.
CHARLOTTE: How is that cold?
BOJACK: Then he'll say, "Wanna dance?" And you'll say, "I'm busy right now. Maybe later." And then... never dance with him.
PENNY: That'll show him.
CHARLOTTE: Wait--I'm sorry. Don't you want to dance with Diego?
BOJACK: Stop poking holes, Charlotte. This is a great plan.
PENNY: Yeah, Mom, don't poke holes. Hey, Dad, BoJack's taking me to prom!
KYLE: Oh, yeah, well, that's definitely the better idea. Okay, everyone smile. Real big.
ALL: Cheese.
PENNY: I think we have enough pictures.
CHARLOTTE: Oh, come on, it's your first prom. Indulge us.
MADDY: Taking pictures before prom is so bourgeois.
CHARLOTTE: And who are you again?
MADDY: I'm Maddy.
PENNY: Maddy's my best friend.
KYLE: I thought Alison F. was your best friend.
PENNY: That was like three best friends ago, gosh.
MADDY: You were best friendswith Alison F.?
PENNY: No.
PETE: Hey, BoJack, I'm Pete. But they call me Pete Repeat because I always say everything twice.
BOJACK: Everything?
PETE: Yeah, it's kind of my thing.
BOJACK: Okay.
PETE: Ah, damn. I forgot to say that twice, didn't I? Usually I do it.
BOJACK: Cool.
MADDY: Wow, Ray-Ray and the Bean are already posting pics on Instagram.
PETE: What?
MADDY: Hashtag much?
PETE: Let me see.
BOJACK: Whoa, hold on. Responsible adult. What are you drinking?
MADDY: Nothing.
BOJACK: Hand it over.
MADDY: Fine.
BOJACK: Ugh. Red Bull and vodka? What are you, 12? You'll gonna get sick drinking all that sugar. Do they teach you anything in these schools? Make a left at the light.
PENNY: Where are we going?
BOJACK: I'm gonna get you kids some bourbon. And you're gonna cut it with water. That way you don't get hungover.
MADDY: Wait, really?
BOJACK: If you're gonna drink, you should be smart about it.
PETE: Awesome. Wait. How many times did I just say "awesome"? Was it twice or was it once? Ah, it was probably twice. Yeah, it's twice. Pete Repeat.
MADDY: Ugh. It burns.
BOJACK: Yeah, 'cause it's not a juice box.
MADDY: You want some?
PENNY: No, thanks.
BOJACK: Pussy.
PENNY: I'm driving.
MADDY: Well, more for me. This prom is really bourgeois.
PENNY: Lyla K. is so pretty.
BOJACK: Shut up. She's got nothing on you. Why is nobody dancing? We gotta get this party started. Beat it, Poindexter.
SCORPION DJ: Poindexter?
BOJACK: It's a nerd reference...Just beat it.
TEEN 1: Hey! What's the big idea?
TEEN 2: Why is there an adult at our high school prom?
BOJACK: All right, folks. We're taking it back to 1991, when a new funky-fresh dance craze took this nation by storm.
TEEN 2: All right. 
TEEN 3: I'm listening.
TEEN 1: As a teen, I'm open to new experiences.
BOJACK: Ready for the chorus, stay on the beat, and here... we... go. Waka waka. Now boys and girls, if you wanna do the BoJack, take your hands and put them on your--
TEEN 2: Boo!
TEEN 1: This sucks.
TEEN 3: This guy's bad.
BOJACK: God, no! This is not the immediate praise I expected.
PETE: This prom sucks.
PENNY: You can say that again.
PETE: I know.
MADDY: My flask got empty. Can we be back to the car, so, for more get for put in it?
BOJACK: Or we could go back to the car and just leave.
PENNY: You can't just leave the prom.
BOJACK: Of course you can. You're young. You can do whatever you want. That's what they never tell you until it's too late. You don't have to be here.
MDDY: Yeah, is right. Society is everywhere. Society.
PENNY: Well, what else are we gonna do?
BOJACK: I'd say it's time to get down, time to hit the town.
PENNY: Is that a lyricfrom that "Do the BoJack" song?
BOJACK: Just get in the car.
BOJACK: Okay, one... two... three.
PENNY: Wow. That is so beautiful. Hey, you wanna climb upon the water tower? We could see the whole city.
MADDY: Yeah, I wanna go.
PETE: Oh, careful there, Maddy.
MADDY: Actually, I'm gonna stay right here. This is nice.
PENNY: Wow, how'd you think to do all this?
BOJACK: I don't know. It just came to me.
PENNY: I'm really glad we left that stupid prom, but I'm kind of bummed we didn't get to dance.
BOJACK: Well, you wanna dance?
PENNY: Yes, hold on. Got it, okay. It's buffering. Buffering still, buffering. This night has been... so perfect.
BOJACK: You know, you look just like your mother.
PETE: Guys? I think you should come down here. She's still breathing,but she won't wake up.
BOJACK: She just had too much to drink. Take her back to your place. She can spend the night.
PENNY: Maddy, come on.
PETE: No, look, my cousin had a friend who passed out like this, and she died of alcohol poisoning, man.
I really think we should get Maddy to a hospital, to a hospital. Did you see what I did there? That's why they call me Pete Repeat.
PENNY: BoJack, what do we do?
MADDY: Society.
PENNY:Careful.
BOJACK: I'm being careful. 
PETE: Okay.
PENNY: Lock the wheels. Watch her head.
BOJACK: Maddy's gonna be just fine. They'll know what to do here. Pete, you're in charge. Penny and I are gonna take off.
PETE: What?
BOJACK: You don't want too many people around in a hospital setting. If anyone asks, tell them we left the dance early,
and you don't know where Maddy got the whiskey from.
PETE: Why?
BOJACK: It's one thing if a bunch of kids get drunk on prom night, but if there's an adult there, it's like I was supposed to be the responsible one, and then the whole thing feels kind of creepy.
PENNY: Are you sure she's gonna be okay?
PETE: I don't know, BoJack.-Pete.
BOJACK: I'm the adult here, and I need you to listen to me. Penny and I left early. You don't know who gave Maddy whiskey. Are we clear on this? I need you to be 100 percent with me here.
PENNY: Just listen to him. He knows what he's doing, okay?
BOJACK: It's gonna be okay. Where did Maddy get the alcohol from?
PETE: I... I don't know.
BOJACK: And what happened to your friends BoJack and Penny?
PETE: They left early.
BOJACK: See, that's not so hard. You're doing the right thing. Don't forget that.
PETE: Okay.
BOJACK: Is it okay? Or "okay" okay?
PETE: Uh... "okay" okay.
BOJACK: All right, that's what I thought. You're the future of America! Go, Penny! Go, go, go!
PENNY: She's gonna be okay, right?
BOJACK: She'll be fine. It's a part of growing up.
PENNY: And we did the right thing back there, you think?
BOJACK: I...Look, sometimes when you're an adult, the right thing isn't always the best thing.
PENNY: Well...I had a really good time tonight. Even with all the craziness. This was really special.
BOJACK: I'm glad.
PENNY: You know, everyone always treats me like a kid. You're the first grown-up I've ever met who actually treats me like...you know, a person. So, thanks.
BOJACK: Well, you're welcome, Penny. Whoa, Penny, come on.
PENNY: If you want to do it, I'm ready. I have condoms in my room. I can put one on with my mouth.
BOJACK: With your mouth?
PENNY: I put one on a banana in health class.
BOJACK: With your mouth? What kind of health class--? Look, you are an amazing person, but you're 17.
PENNY: Which is the legal age of consent in New Mexico.
BOJACK: Okay, that's not--
PENNY: And I didn't drink tonight, so everything's totally legal.
BOJACK: Penny, no.
PENNY: It's okay. I want this.
BOJACK: No, you think you do, but...You don't know what you want.
PENNY: Oh, God. This is so dumb.
BOJACK: No, Penny, don't---I'll see you tomorrow.
CHARLOTTE: Hey. What'd you do with my daughter?
BOJACK: She had a big night. She was falling asleep on the ride home. Where are the boys?
CHARLOTTE: Trip's at a friend's house and Kyle's asleep. You know you can get your own, right?
BOJACK: Hey, do you remember that one time you, me and Herb let those balloons go over Studio City?
CHARLOTTE: Oh, yeah. Didn't we attach glow sticks to them or something?
BOJACK:Yeah.
CHARLOTTE: That was really bad for the environment.
BOJACK: True, but--
CHARLOTTE: A seagull could've choked on one of those balloons.
BOJACK: But it's a nice memory, right?
CHARLOTTE: It was a fun night. We had a lot of fun nights.
BOJACK: Before you left town, you told me L.A. was a tar pit. Do you remember?
CHARLOTTE: Oh, God. I said so many things when I was young. I thought I was so deep.
BOJACK: Well, do you still think it's true?
CHARLOTTE: Do I think L.A. is a tar pit? No. No, I think you're the tar pit.
BOJACK: Me?
CHARLOTTE: No, not "you" you. I'm just saying, like...It doesn't matter where you are, it's who you are, and that's not gonna change whether you're in California or Maine or New Mexico.
You know, you can't escape... you.
BOJACK: Ugh. Now you sound like my mother.
CHARLOTTE: No, what? No, I don't. 
BOJACK: I don't know what to do, Charlotte.
CHARLOTTE: About what?
BOJACK: I keep... making these bad decisions. And hurting people.
CHARLOTTE: Well...Can I tell you a joke?
BOJACK: Is it a long joke with no punch line?
CHARLOTTE: No.
BOJACK: Then go ahead.
CHARLOTTE: Guy goes into the doctor's office. Says, "Doctor, it hurts when I do this." You know what the doctor says?
BOJACK: "Don't do that."
CHARLOTTE: Yeah.
BOJACK: That's actually... good advice.
CHARLOTTE: And you know what else? The doctor in that story was a woman. What?! Oh. BoJack, um...I think you got the wrong idea.
BOJACK: Let's go. Let's get out of here right now.
CHARLOTTE: No, BoJack.
BOJACK: You and me, this is real. You know this is real.
CHARLOTTE: My husband is right upstairs.
BOJACK: I don't care about your husband. All that matters is us.
CHARLOTTE: Don't do this, BoJack. 
BOJACK: I know you feel it, too. So many times in my life I've done the wrong thing, but this is the right thing, and I have never been more sure of anything.
I've wasted so much time sitting on my hands and imagining what could have been. Tell me you don't feel the same. Tell me you haven't thought about it.
CHARLOTTE: I think you should go.
BOJACK: Okay. Tomorrow.
BOJACK: Charlotte--
CHARLOTTE: I have worked very hard to build this life for myself. I am happy here. And you just roll into my life like a hurricane. Why? Because we knew each other for five minutes 30 years ago?
I don't know you.
BOJACK: You do.
CHARLOTTE: I don't. And you don't know me.
BOJACK: No, please. These last few months have been amazing. I love you, your family and this town.
CHARLOTTE: Stop.
BOJACK: I never wanted to hurt--
CHARLOTTE: BoJack--
BOJACK: I'm sorry I kissed you. I shouldn't have. We can pretend it didn't happen. Everything can go back to normal, but--
CHARLOTTE: No, no, stop. No.
BOJACK: Please, don't make me go back to L.A. 
CHARLOTTE: I don't care where you go, BoJack, but I can't have you around here. You make me too sad.
BOJACK: Okay. What are you doing here?
PENNY: I know what I want, BoJack.
BOJACK: Go to bed, Penny. Wait, what?
PENNY: Shh, shh, shh. Quiet, quiet, quiet.
BOJACK: No.
PENNY: Mom.
BOJACK: Charlotte.
CHARLOTTE: Penny, go to your room.
PENNY: We didn't even do anything.
CHARLOTTE: Now, Penny.
BOJACK: Charlotte, I am so sorry---Don't. Don't you dare. If you are not out of my driveway in 30 minutes, I will call the police.
And if you ever try to contact me or my family again, I will fucking kill you.
DIANE: Hey.
BOJACK: Hey. You're still here?
DIANE: Yep, still here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTERALARM CLOCK: Look alive, bright eyes. It's the morning and somebody loves you.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Right back at you, buddy.
FAN 1: Oh, my God. He's here.
FAN 2: There he is.
FAN 3: I love you, Mr. Peanutbutter.
MR. PENUTBUTTER: I love you, too.
DIANE: Idea for a new Pixar movie: what are pizza boxes thinking about?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And Leland Stanford?
DIANE: Transcontinental Railroad.
CELEBRITY FISH: Transcontinental Railroad?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That is correct. Next question, what is my favorite kind of berry?
DIANE: Barry Bostwick.
CELEBRITY FISH: Raspberry?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm so sorry, the correct answer,of course, was Barry Bostwick.
CELEBRITY FISH: How was I supposed to know? 
DIANE: He also likes Franken Berry.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We would have accepted Franken Berry.
CELEBRITY FISH: What?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm sorry, you lose.
CELEBRITY FISH: What the...?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's our show, but before we go I wanna send out a quick message. Diane, if you're watching this, I love you and I know you're doing great things.
DIANE: Idea for a new app: an undo button that could undo long amounts of time.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, is everyone having a good time? Ha!
DIANE: Three months. A year. A life.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Erica, where did that tooth come from? All right, let's keep this party going.
DIANE: One click and everything could just go back to the way it was. 
DIANE: Hey.
BOJACK: Hey. You're still here?
DIANE: Yup. Still here.
BOJACK: Stop it.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wake up, captain dumbshit. I've been trying to get in touch with you for two months.
BOJACK: Ow. Okay. I'm awake, I'm awake. Aah! What is it? If the studio wants to sue me, tell them to take my house. I belong to the sea now.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are you drunk?
BOJACK: Only on adventure. And gin. And vodka. And gin.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: They're not gonna sue you. They finished the movie.
BOJACK: What? How? Explain yourself, land wench.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't know, ask Turteltaub. That's not why I'm here. I thought you were in Cordovia. You've been here this whole time?
DIANE: Idea for a thing Princess Carolyn should do... Shut up.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Get dressed. We're going to the orphanage.
BOJACK: What orphanage?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Remember at Herb's funeral, I asked you what you wanted me to do with your Horsin' Around residuals?
BOJACK: I do... not remember that.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: You said, "Give it to an orphanage or something."
BOJACK: What?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: It turns out you made enough money to build a brand new one. So congratulations. You're a hero.
BOJACK: A hero?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: That's right, a hero.
HEDGEHOG: Or is it pronounced "gyro?" I just call them subs. Anyway, enjoy the sandwich, you're a great man. Welcome toThe BoJack Horseman Orphanage.
Or, as we call it,The BoJack Horsephanage.
BOJACK: You cannot call it that. A, because I am not a great man and B, because that is a really stupid name.
HEDGEHOG: The name was Molly's idea.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Stop pissing off the orphans. A lot of them grow upto be serial killers.
CHRILDREN: BoJack's a very kind fellow. BoJack's a very kind fellow. BoJack's a very kind fellow. He gave us a place to live.
BOJACK: Thank you for that lovely song. But I'm not a good person. This is the only good thing I've ever done and I did it by accident.
And it just goes to show you life is just... Ah, what am I saying? I don't have to tell you how hard life is.You're the ones with the dead parents.
ORPHAN 1: My parents are dead?
BOJACK: No. No. Not necessarily. Maybe they just didn't want you. My point is, I don't understand how people live. It's amazing to me that people wake up every morning
and say, "Yeah, another day, let's do it." How do people do it? I don't know how.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yay.
COPERNICUS: So you see, Todd, the nimble improviser must navigate the most sensitive of areas. And I'm not just talking about the butt.
TODD: Ha. Copernicus, how do you always come up with these amazing butt jokes?
COPERNICUS: When you're a Level Nine, as I am, you don't come up with butt jokes. You live truthfully in the moment and the butt joke comes to you.
TODD: So true. So wise.
COPERNICUS: Listen, I need to "shove off," as we sailors say, on my comedy cruise line, the Giggleship. I shan't be returning.
TODD: Shan't you?
COPERNICUS: I shannot. I'd like you to join me on the high seas, as my Number Two and I don't mean that kind of number two.
TODD: What, number two, how do you do that?
TURTLETAUB: If it isn't the furshlugginer putz who cost me 50 grand.
BOJACK: I'm sorry I bailed in the middle of production. If there's anything I can do.
TURTLETAUB: Do? What do? Movie's finished. We fixed the whole thing in post.
BOJACK: Really?
TURTLETAUB: Remember your first week, these nerds made a computer scan of your head so we could finish if something happened to you?
NERD 1: Please don't call us nerds, sir.
TURTLETAUB: Something happened to you, so these nerds finished the movie. Look what Computer BoJack can do.
BOJACK: Help you out of that tree, ma'am?
TURTLETAUB: Look at him save that cat. Now there's a protagonist we can root for.
BOJACK: You did all that in the computer?
TURTLETAUB: Not just that. Computer BoJack had so much charisma and screen presence we ended up going back and replacing you in every scene.
BOJACK: I'm not in the movie at all?
TURTLETAUB: Not technically, but computer you is giving the performance of your career. When people see what you do in this movie,
they are gonna storm Daniel Day-Lewis's house, schlep him out into the street, and shoot him in the head. That's how good your performance is.
It's gonna make Daniel Day-Lewislook like shit. They're gonna hate Daniel Day-Lewis.
BOJACK: But it's not my performance.
TURTLETAUB: Explain that to the widow Day-Lewis. She'll be devastated. Kaput. Kapleshky.
BOJACK: Are you actually Jewish? Because I feel like some of these you're just making up.
TURTLETAUB: Look, we got a screening this weekend. Come see the movie, we'll schmooze, we'll kibitz, schlemiel, schlimazel, Hasenpfeffer Incorporated.
RUTABAGA: Just think, Carolyn, in one week, all of this will be ours.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: We should a put a social-media desk there. If we hire someone to micromanageour clients' online personas and new media outreach, they'll seem more grounded down to earth.
RUTABAGA: Smiling poop emoji, I love everything about that. I wanna make sure the couches we get are really comfortable. You know, just in case we have some late nights.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mr. Rabitowitz. This is a place of business. Ugh, can we just freeze in this moment for a second? I just wanna remember this instant where for once in my life, everything was going--
RUTABAGA: Hold that thought. 
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What is it? 
RUTABAGA: Ugh. My wife and I are going to the ballet tonight, there's a real ish with the restaurant.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: This is the wife you're divorcing, right?
RUTABAGA: You know how it is. You say you want a divorceand she says, "No, we can make this work." You go to counseling and remember why you fell in love with her
in the first place and then, blah, blah, it's a whole thing.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: We've been sleeping together for three months. We're about to start a company together.
RUTABAGA: None of that has to change. I am definitely going to divorce her probably, it's just...Ugh. It's hard to explain to someone who's never been married.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, this is--
RUTABAGA: Sorry, Katie just said something funny.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?
RUTABAGA: I gotta hop. I love you, though.
TODD: Ha, ha. Okay, keep the engine running,I'll be back in a--Hey.
BOJACK: Hey.
TODD: Um, I'm just here to pick up some stuff. I'm going away for a while.
BOJACK: Oh, where?
TODD: The Giggleship. It's the comedy cruise line People magazine once called "a comedy cruise line."
BOJACK: Comedy cruise line? Oh right, your improv thing. How was your, uh, graduation show?
TODD: It was two months ago. You missed it.
BOJACK: Sorry.
TODD: No, you're not.
BOJACK: Well...
TODD: Hey, do you remember the morning after my first night here?
BOJACK: I don't know why everyone keeps asking if I remember things. I don't. Just as a general rule, if your question begins, "Do you remember"
and doesn't end with "how much you hated Moulin Rouge," the answer's no.
TODD: I was so happy to have a place to stay that I made pancakes. And you kept eating them so I kept making them.
And then you got mad at me for letting you eat so many pancakes. You tried to chase me around the pool, but you were too hungover and also full from the pancakes so instead... you took a nap.
And when you woke up, you said, "Thanks for the pancakes. Now get out of my house."
BOJACK: I don't remember any of that.
TODD: Well, anyway, I'm finally moving out, just like you wanted.
BOJACK: Good. Honestly, you'll probably be better off without me.
TODD: Yeah. But we had some good times,though, right?
BOJACK: Did we?
TODD: Right. Well, um, take care. Hey, I hope you can find a way to be happy, BoJack. I really do.
BOJACK: Yeah, okay. Hey, Todd?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: You need to get your shit together. Rutabaga and I are starting a new agency. I want you to come on boardand write celebrity tweets.
DIANE: I don't know how to do that.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're a ghost-writer. It's the same as writing a book, they're just a lot shorter and more people read them.
DIANE: All right, but why are you helping me?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Because my life is a mess right now and I compulsively take care of other people when I don't know how to take care of myself.
DIANE: Oh. I was hoping it was because you believed in me.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't.
COPERNICUS: Welcome to my Giggleship. For us, it's a place to realize our higher selves. For the paying public, it's a place to watch improv and drink watered-down margaritas for 8.99.
TODD: Wow, we must all make a lot of money.
COPERNICUS: No, no, you just get paid in experience and stage time. Which in a way is even better than money.
TODD: Say what?
COPERNICUS: Look, We've arrived at your living quarters.
TODD: Wow. No more couch-sleeping for this guy. He gets a mattress.
COPERNICUS: That's the spirit. And you can use improv to make this room anything you want it to be.
My cabin is exactly like yours, but when I use my imagination, it becomes a rich state room with a treasure chest full of booty.
I like a big booty, if you know what I mean. And I don't mean a butt.
TODD: You really are the master of spontaneous witticisms.
RUTABAGA: All right, you ready? This is go time. There's no turning back now.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, I am ready.
RUTABAGA: Great. Now let's get out there and tell all those garbage rat bastard sons of bastards what we really think of them, once and for all. Everyone. We have an announcement.
EMPLOYEE: Guys, we have an announcement.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What's going on?
EMPLOYEE: Mr. Witherspoon's in the hospital. 
FROG: He had a stroke.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh.
RUTAGBAGA: Well, you know what you rat bastards can stroke? My big, hairy...
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, we burned that bridge.
IMPROV GUY: Todd, you should be up a magician's sleeve because you are a card.
TODD: Hey, Bryan. What's going on here?
GUARD: He refused to scrub the floors.
IMPROVE GIRL: Oh, Bryan.
BRYAN: Please. My knees were cramping so I needed to stand. But I'm real good at cleaning windows. Look.
TODD: That's solid space-work. Bryan, don't worry. I'm gonna go to Copernicus and get this sorted out. Copernicus? Uh, Copernicus?
Whoa. One Hundred and One Butt Jokes? "No parking in the rear?" Aah! Copernicus is a fraud!
COPERNICUS:A fraud? Me? Ow. I had such high hopes for you, Todd.
Normally, I'd make a perfectly timed butt joke here, but as you can see, I don't have my book. Guards, take this subversive
to the Yes And room. 
TODD: No.
GUARD: Hey, what are you doing?
TODD: No. Shame on all of you! Just wait till you see my Trip Advisor review. This cruise is getting three stars. Because I have verymixed feelings about it.
RUTABAGA: Carolyn, we are free.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah.
RUTABAGA: Real quick, kiss me once. Then kiss me twice.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't want to do that anymore.
RUTABAGA: I told you, we can make this work--
PRINCESS CAROLYN: No. I don't want--
RUTABAGA: Carolyn, you're a single woman in your 40s. Can you really afford to be picky?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?
RUTABAGA: I'm just saying, what, you think you're gonna find some perfect unattached guy who's gonna love you like I do?
Who's gonna make you laugh and feel good about yourself? This is it, Carolyn, this is what you get. If you're holding out for something better,
well, I hate to break it to you, but you're gonna be alone for a long time.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm not afraid of being alone. And you might wanna find someplace else to work because you're not coming with me.
RUTABAGA: Wait, wait, wait, what?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's my company. My name is on all the paperwork. I think I can do it without you. Good luck.
RUTABAGA: Whoa, Carolyn, we just--Come... Carolyn.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: My name is Princess Carolyn.
BOJACK: And as I held that baby in my arms, I knew I had been given a second chance.
A chance to finally make things right. And this time, I was gonna win...the race of life. Whoa. That was actually good.
TURTLETAUB: We're doing a full awards push. You should clear your schedule for the next year. Buckle up, buddy, this is the year of Secretariat.
BOJACK: But it wasn't Secretariat. And it wasn't me. It was a computer.
TURTLETAUB: What difference does it make? Smile and collect your trophies. You know Ana Spanikopita?
ANA: Hello.
TURTLETAUB: They call her the Oscar whisperer.
ANA: Ana Spanikopita. Big fan.
BOJACK: Thank you, it's--
ANA: I meant you are going to be a big fan of me because I am going to win you an Oscar.
TURTLETAUB: Ana is the best there is. You better start writing your speech.
BOJACK: I don't have to thank my parents, do I?
ANA: You're funny. I am literally laughing out loud. We gotta get you on a talk show. You have any weird history with Kelly Ripa I should know about?
BOJACK: No. Well, define "weird."
ANA: You look doughy. Do you run? Cardio? Anything?
BOJACK: I mean, occasionally.
CORGI: Excuse me? That was such a beautiful performance. So brave.
BOJACK: Thank you.
ANA: Everyone here loves you. Do you feel that? Feel that energy!
BOJACK: They don't love me. They don't know me.
TURTLETAUB: That's why they love you, shmuck.
ANA: He's right. Our research shows America likes to think they know you, and then they like learning more about you, but at a certain point
they pass a threshold where they actually know you and then they find you weird and off-putting.
BOJACK: Are you saying that nobody who really knows me could ever love me?
ANA: No, no, no. Not nobody. No
TURTLETAUB: No.
BOJACK: What am I doing here?
ANA: I don't know where you're going, but if you could run there.
DIANE: Sextina, hi. Thanks for meeting me here. I'm really excited to be working with you.
SEXTINA: Listen, chitch, if you're going to tweet for Sextina Aquafina, you need to capture the essence of my personal brand, okay?
All upper caps, no punctuation, lots of cryptic bullshit about the Illuminati and make sure to mention my preferred brands, okay?
Beats by Dre, Abercrombie and Fitch and brand fin polish.
DIANE: Can you spell that last one?
SEXTINA: No. I gotta go get my blowhole bleached.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, thank you so much. You people are the real stars. Huh?
PHONE: Hi. I'm Sarah Koenig. This is one ringtone told over the course of several rings.
And the story it's telling you is to answer your phone.
DIANE: Hello?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, Diane.
DIANE: Hey. Uh...
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So... How's Cordovia?
DIANE: It's... hard.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Do you know where the batteries are?
DIANE: What?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The batteries in the remote died.
DIANE: Did you check the junk drawer?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, I looked in the junk drawer. I think I'm gonna just take them out of the smoke detector.
DIANE: No, don't do that.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, I'm out of options. Listen, I know this sounds crazy, but I think maybe you should get back here so you can help me find the batteries.
DIANE: Yeah?
MR.PEANUTBUTTER: I know you're doing important work and it's a long way to travel, but I need you here and I think you should come home.
DIANE: Is that really what you want?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Of course it is.
DIANE: Well, okay, I'm looking at this website right now and it says if I leave immediately, I can still make it home tonight.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That sounds great.
DIANE: I love you.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I love you, too, Diane. You know, it's the funniest thing. There is a woman in this restaurant who looks just like you.
DIANE: I guess I just have one of those faces.
TODD: Okay, party people, we have time for one more suggestion.
BOJACK: Todd.
IMPROV GUY: Did someone say movie theater? I heard movie theater. I'm Abe Lincoln and I'm gonna wearmy giant hat to the movies. Who's this sitting behind me? John Wilkes Booth. Uh-oh.
BOJACK: Todd, it's me, BoJack.
TODD: BoJack?
BOJACK: Todd, I'm getting you out of here.
TODD: I can't leave. I need to take suggestions.
BOJACK: Okay, well, here's a suggestion, your name is Todd. You're 24, you live on my couch and you've always seen the good in me somehow.
You've been brainwashed into thinking that you belong here, but you don't. You belong back home. If you're any kind of improviser, you'll take that suggestion and you'll run with it.
TODD: Let's get out of here.
GUARD: I'm afraid that getting out of here is not an option.
GUARD 2: You've seen too much.
BOJACK: What the hell are you gonna do about it?
GUARD: Stop you. With these.
TODD: Oh, no. Don't do anything crazy, guys.
BOJACK: You can't be serious.
TODD: Just get behind me, BoJack.
GUARD 2: No sudden moves.
TODD: Be reasonable. You wouldn't wanna puncture the hull. Especially not when I have this smoke bomb. Ka-pow!
GUARD: I've lost them. Where did they go?
BOJACK: Seriously?
TODD: Now feel the wrath of my flamethrower.
GUARD 2: Too bad we're wearing sunscreen with SPF a million which protects against flamethrowers.
TODD: Oh, no. 
GUARD: Now we finish this with our strangle machine. Beep, boop, boop. 
BOJACK: Machine?
GUARD: Strangle those guys.
TODD: BoJack, help.
BOJACK: There is literally nothing happening to you.
TODD: You don't understand, if you die in improv, you die in real life.
BOJACK: So stupid. Fine. I guess I have a guard killing machine? Beep, boop, beep.
GUARD: No. I have a wife and children. Well, they're improvised, but they're real to me.
GUARD 2: Can this be the end?
BOJACK: This whole ship is full of idiots. Beep, boop. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on, Todd. Almost there. 
COPERNICUS: Wait. Where are you going?
TODD: Sorry, improv is fun and great and everything, but you guys are really into improv. I'm gonna go with my friend.
COPERNICUS: Your friend? I didn't realize this man was your friend. Well, then, by all means, go with him, Todd. But, see, I thought this was the man who sabotaged your rock opera.
The one who constantly abuses you and makes you shower with a hose in the yard.
BOJACK: I invited him to.
COPERNICUS: The one who's never said a kind wordto you the entire time you've known him. Is this your friend, Todd?
TODD: It's more complicated than that.
IMPROV GIRL: Is it? We're your friends, Todd.
IMPROV GUY: More than that, we're a family.
TODD: I, uh...
BOJACK: Hash browns.
TODD: What?
IMPROV GUY: I heard hash browns. Martha, did you see my hash browns?
BOJACK: Oh, my God, do you ever turn it off? It was hash browns, not pancakes. The first morning you stayed with me.
You kept making them and I kept eating them and then I threw up in the pool. That made you throw up in the pool. Then I got mad at you for throwing up in my pool.
But, you said, "I'll clean it up."
TODD: And did I clean it up?
BOJACK: No. You didn't. I had to call the pool cleaner.
TODD: Ha, ha.
BOJACK: And you said, "Thank you for letting me stay here. I don't have anywhere else to go." And I remember when you said that, "I don't have anywhere else to go," because I felt good about myself.
And I don't feel that way a lot. Letting you stay with me was the best thing I ever did on purpose. I don't think I ever told you that. But I should have. Because you're my best friend, Todd.
COPERNICUS: I'm not gonna lie, if you just made all that up, that was some really good improv. Game recognize game.
TODD: Why do you have a boat?
BOJACK: Uh, I don't remember. Hello? Prince?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, bozo, I keep getting calls from this New York playwright, she really wants to talk to you. She says you know her, Jill Pill?
BOJACK: Jill Pill?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ring any bells? Apparently, she worked on your TV show.
BOJACK: Horsin' Around?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, actually. The other TV show.
BOJACK: Other TV show? Oh, shit. Jill.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: While I got you, I'm moving into the new office and I got Herb's ashes here. I really don't know what to do with this thing. Do you want it?
BOJACK: Yeah.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Why did I take you with me?
BOJACK: Herb loved orphans. Mostly as a delivery apparatus for hackneyed punchlines and mawkish sentimentality, but still.
HEDGEHOG: And we will do our part to honor his legacy.
TODD: Hey, who's Jerb?
BOJACK: What? Jerb Ka-- Why does it say "Jerb Kazzaz?"
HEDGEHOG: Your e-mail said "Jerb." I forwarded it to the plaque guy. Is it not--?
BOJACK: No, obviously that was a typo. Why would I want to dedicate the orphanage to the memory of Jerb Kazzaz?
TODD: Kind of sounds like something you'd get at a Mediterranean restaurant, but wouldn't finish.
And the waiter would say, "You want meto box up this jerb kazzaz for you?" And you'd say, "No." 
BOJACK: You gotta fix this.
HEDGEHOG: Really? We spent a lot of moneyon this plaque, you know? And on the t-shirts.
BOJACK: Jerb's kids? No, there's no Jerb. It's Herb.
HEGDEHOG: T-shirt's say Jerb so I'm going by the t-shirts.
TODD: You know, Herb would probably thinkthat this is pretty funny that you couldn't even get this right.
BOJACK: Yeah. He would.
TODD: So, in a way...
BOJACK: Yeah. You wanna get some Mediterranean food?
TODD: You read my mind.
BOJACK: Oh, God. Lungs on fire. Ow. Crap. I hate this. Running is terrible.
Everything is the worst. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
MONKEY: It gets easier.
BOJACK: Huh?
MONKEY: Every day, it gets a little easier.
BOJACK: Yeah?
MONKEY: But you gotta do it every day. That's the hard part.But it does get easier.
BOJACK: Okay.




Season 3 ep. 1


[BoJack]It's a dream come true.
[woman] You've been trying to getthis movie made for 20 years.
Did you ever think you'd be sitting here,talking about Secretariat?
Sitting here? In this hotel room?
It's a dream come true.
What's it like to play Secretariat?
Dream come true.
Playing Secretariat, what was that like?
Dream come true.
[woman]How long you in New York for?
Just a couple days of fun interviews,
then it's off to Chicagofor more fun interviews,
and then, if I don't blow my brains out,I get to go back to L.A.
Darling, you're doing marvelously,I am so proud of you.
If I could make one slight adjustment?
Maybe fewer jokesabout how these interviews
- make you want to blow your brains out?- Right. Sorry.
I am so thrilled to be here,talking with, uh...
-Yahoo Finland.-Yahoo Finland.
- Are you Finnish?- No, we are just getting started.
Walked right into that one.
What would an Oscar nominationmean for Mr. BoJack Horseman?
Any award recognition is just gravy.
The real joy is to sitin this hotel room all day,
answering the same questionsover and over again.
Great answers, you're divine.I'm in love with you.
One small adjustment.I don't think sarcasm is going to read.
Just write a script for me,so I don't have to think for myself.
Honey, I would shove my handup your ass
and control your mouth like a Muppetif it would win you an Oscar.
What do I know?
I'm just the publicist you hiredto help win you an Oscar.
WOMAN: What's it like to play Seabiscuit?
BOJACK: I don't know. You'd have to ask Tobey Maguire.
MAN: Your last attempt at a comebackwas The BoJack Horseman Show.
Pass.
MAN 2: People still see you as the guy from that sucky show from the '90s.
Horsin' Around was not a sucky show.
- Yeah, but it was.- It lasted nine seasons.
Its whole purposewas for people to watch it
so the network could sell ad time,
so the show could make more moneythan it cost to produce.
It did that well. It was a good show.
- Yes, but it sucked.- It didn't suck!
Great job today.It could not have gone better.
My only note would bestop defending Horsin' Around.
Why? Millions of people loved it!
We need to use these next few monthsto define your story.
When people see youthey need to think Oscar winner,
not dumb asshole from an old TV showthat nobody cares about.
Okay, I hear what you're saying,
but we can both agree Horsin' Aroundwas a good show, right?
BoJack, you knowI think the world of you.
I think you are so smart and attractive,so I'm not going to mince words.
Horsin' Around was a piece of shit.
♪ ♪ 
Looking good. Fantastic.You need a coaster.
I told you to wear lipstickand underpants, Teresa.
I put everything bill-relatedin one folder.
Gas bill, cable bill,and the new headshots for Billy Zane.
- Thank you, Judah.- You also wanted me to remind you
- to call Mr. Peanutbutter.- Yeah.
Ping me again in two minutes?No, five minutes.
Uh, when's our callwith BoJack and Spanakopita?
The one that started seven minutes ago?It started seven minutes ago.
What?
Diane's in your office right now,stalling... poorly.
And that is my opinion on the Octomom.
Remember Octomom?
[Ana] Diane, are you stallingfor Princess Carolyn?
What? You know who was good at stallin'
was Joseph Stalin. [chuckles]
[BoJack] If anything,Stalin was ruthlessly efficient.
Get your head out of your ass.
He also had a city named after him.Isn't that right, Princess Carolyn,
- who's been here the whole time?- Hey, buddy.
How was your first big dayat the press junket?
[sighs] Endless. It was likethe second act of a Judd Apatow movie.
He was exquisite.
The movie's tracking really wellon social.
New media impressions are up23 percent across platforms.
What does that mean?
Oh, I have no idea.I assumed you would know.
But I keep tweeting thingsand they keep getting retweeted,
so we're doing something right.
Yesterday I dropped my phonein the bathroom
which made BoJack's Instagrampost a picture of the floor,
with the caption "spujb."That got 4000 likes.
- [Ana] Great.- I am exhausted.
Being a movie star is the hardest job.
And we get no recognition.[grunts]
Okay, you're gonna love this.
I pulled some strings at Manatee Fairand set up an interview tomorrow night.
BoJack is not readyfor a magazine feature.
Relax. It's not that big a deal.
I didn't realizeyou were an authority on deal size.
[Princess Carolyn]Listen, Moussaka...
Ladies, please.There's plenty of BoJack to go around.
I can do all the bullshit thingsAna's scheduled for me in the morning
and still have time for Princess Carolyn'sbullshit thing tomorrow night.
Now, pajamas.
- Whaa!- [gasping]
- Todd?!- What is going on over there?
[Ana] BoJack smuggleda young boy into his room.
No big deal.Movie stars do it all the time.
Where am I? [sniffs]
Bagels? Pizza?
[sniffing] Hipsters? Urine?
- Am I in Minneapolis?- What? No, you're in New York.
Follow-up: why are you in New York?
Beats me. Sometimes I just am places.
[moaning]I can't get to sleep. Oh, God.
Yeah, that'll do it.
Is my name Sarah Koenig?Because I'm about to get cereal.
I am the queen.
Follow me, citizens.
There are no sad times in our cave of possibilities.
- [beeping]- Huh.
Small bottle of shampoo?!Not on my watch!
You better not have gottenyour failure stink
all over my important movie star clothes.
- Ohh...- I didn't mean that.
You're my friendand you don't stink of failure.
Your stink is one of good intentionsand youthful exuberance.
[Todd]Hooray, compliment!
You wanted me to ping youregarding Mr. Peanutbutter.
Oh, fish! Guys, hold on,I have to make a quick call.
- What? You're already on a call.- Sorry.
- Please hold.- [Ana] This is ridiculous.
- Hello?- [Princess Carolyn] It's your agent!
I wanted to remind youof your meeting with Pinky today.
I think I'm already in it.
- Do I need to be on this call still?- I put you on conference. How do I...?
- BoJack Horseman, is that you?!- Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.
Hey buddy, loved that bathroom floor picyou posted yesterday.
Spujb! Classic BoJack.
We should get together sometimeand take a selfie.
I'd love to, buddy,but I'm kinda in New York right now.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: New York City?!They make such great salsa.
I'm here too, honey.Have a great meeting!
Diane?! Wait, you went to New York?
- [Diane] No. I'm just on--- Why wouldn't you tell me?
How long are you-- I'm not accusing.
I just... I feel safer when I knowthat I know where you are.
- I affirm your feelings...- [BoJack] I don't want to--
...your feelings have value,
but I'm not in New York,I'm just on the conference call.
- Guys, can we...- [Peanutbutter] I feel heard.
- [Diane] I hear that you feel heard.- What the hell is happening?
- Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter, I'm in New York!- What?!
[Todd] As Carrie fromSex and the City might say...
- I'm Carrie.- [Peanutbutter] Todd? In the naked city?
[chuckling] That is going to leadto some wackiness. You mark my words.
Would you guys literally mark my words?I do want to refer back to this later on.
We're in the middle of a meeting!
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Got to go.It's always "Rabbit, Run" with this guy.
Right?
Oh, yeah. Somebody did their researchon J.D. Salinger.
Rabbit, Run?
- That's Updike, you illiterate.- What's Updike?
Not much, dyke, what's up with you?
Is "dyke" an okay thing to say now?
Has it been reclaimed?I honestly can't keep track.
- Who are you asking?- [Ana] We're hanging up now, goodbye.
Wow! BoJack and Todd in the Big Apple.
I want to find one of those fortunetelling robots that can make me big!
[groans]
Hey, champ,I have a very important job for you.
Why don't you go get us some ice?
You don't need to patronize me.
- But, yeah, I can do that important job.- [BoJack] Don't get lost, buddy!
I'm not gonna get lost.
The city's on a grid, why would I get...
Oh, no.
Hello? Are you still there?
- They may have hung up.- I have some good news for once.
I just got promotedto head of programming.
I'm no longer a passengeron the burning wreckage of an industry
that is broadcast television.
- I'm a captain!- What happened to Wanda?
You didn't hear? She got poached.
- Oh, God!- By another company.
Oh, good.
- They shot her.- Oh, God!
Straight to the topof the corporate ladder!
- Oh, good.- She had to move to Detroit.
- Oh, God!- Which I hear is due for a resurgence.
Can we get to the goddamn point, please?
Anyway, the networkis finally breaking even,
thanks to the runaway successof Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities:
What Do They Know?Do They Know Things? Let's Find Out!
Not to mention its companion showTalking Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities:
What Do They Know?Do They Know Things? Let's Find Out,
With Chris Hardwick.
- So as long as you two stick around...- I'm taking the show off the air.
Wait, what? Why?!
I told the story I wanted to tell.
To prolong it for commercial reasonswould be crass and inorganic.
Uh...
At long last the public knowswhat Hollywoo stars and celebrities know
- and what they don't know.- [moaning]
- Did they know things?- [whimpers]
- Well, we found out.- This is a nightmare.
Why does everything I love fall apartas soon as I touch it?
Oh, my ex-wife was right about me.
I am no Christopherfrom the Tesla dealership.
Is this as good as it gets?
Or are we living in the ghost townwhere once my career did blossom?
Who will speak my namewhen I am gone?
Who will sing lamentationsfor he who once talked soup?
- [groans]- What legacy of ruin am I left with?
What rewards have I reapedfor the damage done?
I do not miss the spotlight's glare,
but I do... a little, miss sunshine.
But before you fold the omelette,
I'd like the chef to hold the pan upand whisper his or her dreams into it.
Whisper dreams into omelette.
Just coffee.Don't need to talk to it at all. Thanks.
You look different. Older. A lot older.
I'm not saying you look bad,just much, much, much older.
Thank you, Jill.
You haven't heard from Cuddlywhiskersrecently, have you?
Cuddlywhiskers? I haven't talkedto him since the show was canceled.
I worry about him.
About six months back, he disappeared,
stopped returning my calls.
I'm sure he's fine.I mean, who returns calls?
Promise me you'll check on himwhen you get back to L.A.
Maybe swing by his house?I think you owe him that much.
Fine. Listen, about the play...
The Tragedy of Greg KingLear,a theatrical immersion by Jill Pill?
- Right.- That's dead. Over.
A thing that happenedthat happens no longer,
- like a whimper in the wind.- Okay.
Theater is by its very nature ephemeral.We shout into the void, "Hey, you!"
And the void says,"Stop shouting at me, please!"
And we grab the void and we spitin its face, "Sir, I will not."
Boy, did New York do a number on you.
Let me tell you about my next piece.It starts with you,
BoJack Horseman,completely naked and covered in milk.
- I'll stop you there.- It's a symbol for rebirth.
I'm not interested in being rebirthed.
I'm still recoveringfrom being birthed the first time.
Jill, I'm not the guy who does thingsthat are challenging,
or edgy, or covered in milk.
I'm about to be nominated for an Oscar.I'm thinking about my legacy now.
I want to do things that connectwith people, things that last.
That's the whole point, nothing lasts.
No, I know, but see, years after I die,
people will still be ableto see me in Secretariat.
- And then what?- And then...
I'll be remembered.If I win an Oscar, I'll be remembered.
- And then what?- Then my life will have meaning.
- I don't know!- Mm-hmm.
You know what the real tragedyof Greg KingLear is?
Two hours long without an intermission?
It's that he's a marionette.
And he doesn't even know someone elseis pulling his strings.
Mmm, I don't think the chefwhispered his dreams into this.
This does not taste like dreams.
You told me I would be gettingmore attention at a smaller agency,
but if anything, I'm getting less.
Is this the best time to be on your phone?
I'm sorry.Let me just send this one email...
What? Why isn't it sending? Judah!
I'm taking my businessto Gekko Rabitowitz.
What? No!
J.D. Salinger is too big a star to behamstrung by some rinky-dink operation
working out of a two-story warehouse.
I need an agencywith at least nine stories.
Uh...
That was a reference to my work,with which you are clearly not familiar.
- Oh...- Goodbye.
Hello to you, Rasputin.
- Give my regards to the czar.- I will relay the message.
Oh, I don't know whyI thought I could do this.
I'm drowning, and cats hate drowning.
I believe I can take onmore responsibility around here.
- On a provisional basis, of course.- Okay.
But we're a small agencyand we need to think like one.
Instead of spreading ourselves thinner,
we should focus on better gigsfor the clients we already have.
- Oh. Like Jerry Maguire.- Yes.
- What part of Jerry Maguire?- The part where Tom Cruise's agent
got him a massive paydayfor being in Jerry Maguire.
[ringtone] ♪ Who's that dog?Mister Peanutbutter ♪
Princess Carolyn?!
Listen, kid, tough break aboutthe Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities
Whatever, Whatever, Whatever,but what are we gonna do next?
I was looking forwardto taking some time off.
What?That is the worst idea I've ever heard.
You're the biggest name in TV right now.
and every network would love to airyour next project.
Why don't you get off your lazy keister
and come up with some TV ideasand make us all billionaires?
Go get us some money.
Go get it, boy. You can do it!Go! Atta boy!
[barking]
Daddy, it's so nice having you home.
These last few months have been amazing.
My blood pressure's down,my stress is down.
- [engine revving]- Oh, what the...?
There's my favorite accountant!
Great news! P.B. Livin' is back...
- No! No!- ...in business!
- No!- Yes!
-Here we go!-Oh, God, no, please.
It's gonna be great, as it always is,from my perspective.
Dad, you promisedwe were gonna play catch,
and then we'd listen to your favoriteHarry Chapin song together!
You never told me what it was!
Oh, it's Cat's in the Cradle,but don't listen to it now!
I'm gonna go listen to it.
No! The lyrics are too relevant.Don't do it.
- No!- [engine revving]
[both laughing]
So, what's next for BoJack?
What do you mean, "What's next?"Why does everything have to have a next?
I just mean, after Secretariat's all over,what are you going to do next?
We were told this feature would bepegged to the release of Secretariat.
It is, but we also want to get to knowthe real BoJack.
- Do we?- If you want the real BoJack,
there's a book written about that.
But that was BoJackbefore the book came out.
Who's BoJack now?
Who's BoJack now? BoJack is just...
He's a guy who could use a drink,that's who!
Should we order alcohol?
Heather, could we havea moment of privacy, please?
Sure. I'll just plug my earsand sing an old sea shanty.
♪ Oh, the sea she be a salty lassWith a hi, ho, barrel of rum... ♪
Sweetheart, I don't thinkwe need to be drinking tonight.
Trust me, you do not want meto do this sober.
You don't need to micromanageeverything, okay? I'm not your puppet.
All right.You clearly have everything under control.
♪ Raise the mast and raise your glassAnd banish ye dragons ♪
♪ To where they come from! ♪
Garçon, dos whiskey sours, por favor?
Actually, make it tres.And whatever the lady wants.
- Did mama bear finally leave?- She's a human, but yes.
Well, when the cat's away...
Again, a human.I like where you're going with this.
I gotta tell you,I really loved the movie.
You're definitely going to win an Oscar.
That "You Are Secretariat" scene?Oh, it made me wet.
It made you wet?!
Yeah. "Wet" is manatee slang.
It refers to a feelingof comfort and warmth,
because a manatee'snatural habitat is water.
Oh, okay.
- It also made me really horny.- Uh...
That's narwhal slang.
You know, because they have horns.
[Todd] When I first came to New YorkI was young, full of hope.
But you get lost in this town.
One day you look in the mirrorand think to yourself,
"Who is this sad, broken man?"
Listen, kid, I don't need your life story.
I just came out here to commit suicide.
- No, don't!- Crap! Forgot I could fly.
[chuckling and kissing]
The first thing you notice about BoJackis he's got a nice buzz going.
Oh, one final question.Are you more man than horse?
Or are you more horse than man?
What the hell does that mean?
Take off your city clothesand let's be animals!
I want to get natural!
[laughing]
Okay! A manatee and a horsemaking out with each other.
Just like in nature.
In the old days sailors thoughtmanatees were mermaids.
Remember that episode of Horsin' Aroundwhere Sabrina wanted to be a mermaid?
I don't want to think about that show.
I didn't come back to your hotel room
because you're a goofy dad who once gothis dick stuck in a vacuum cleaner.
I'm pretty surethat never happened on the show.
If I'm going to sacrificemy journalistic integrity,
it's because I'm having sexwith a movie star.
And they're off!
[chuckling]
[Heather] You like that, little horsie?[BoJack] Yeah.
- But I don't need you to talk.- [Heather] I'm a mermaid, baby.
- Gonna climb up onto your boat.- [BoJack] What?
- [Heather] What happened?- Sorry, I just... Give me a minute.
[Heather] You want me to touch it,blow on it, sing it happy birthday?
[BoJack]No, no, just...
Why did you saythat thing about the boat?
I don't know, I was being sexy.You okay?
Just forget it. You ruined it.
You want to talk about it?
There's nothing to talk about.It was a misunderstanding, that's all.
She just walked inat the worst possible...
It-- It wasn't my fault, uh, right?
I don't know what you're talking about.
On the boat, there was a girl.
- What?- In New Mexico.
And she trusted me.
I keep asking myselfif her mother didn't walk in,
would I have done it?
And part of me is surethat I-- I couldn't.
But another part knows that's a lie.
How do you make something rightwhen you've made it so wrong
you can never go back?
I just thinkyou have to keep moving forward?
[sighs] Yeah.
All my life that's all I've ever done.What's it gotten me?
Well, hey, look,you're the star of a movie now.
You're probably gonna win an Oscar.
I'm not even in it. That's not me.
- What do you mean, that's not you?- I was digitally replaced.
Special effects. None of it's me.
Wow, that's... [sighs]
That's quite a story.
I shouldn't even be here.
It's been a long night.
Why don't we go to bed?In the morning, everything will be okay.
Oh, shit.
BoJack?
It's 4:00 am.
No, it's 7:00. I'm in New York.I'm calling from the future.
[drowsily] Is that BoJack Horseman?What is this, a crossover episode?
What do you want?
Let's say, hypothetically,you had some information about me.
You were gonna write about it,
I wanted to stop youbefore you could get it published.
What would be a smart thingI could do in that situation
that would change your mind?
Are we fighting about the book again?
I don't rememberwhere we left off last time.
No. Diane, not everything is about you.
For once, I have a problem,I need your help.
Okay, walk me through it again?
I don't have time!It's already three hours later here!
Thanks a lot. Once again,you've been no help whatsoever.
Spoiler from the future, you suck.
Sorry, you don't suck. I'm just...very stressed out right now. Bye.
Oh, come on, come on.
I'm aware of the situationand I'm handling it.
- But I haven't even--- I'm handling it.
I'll see you at the screening tonight.
- But...- Don't be late.
- BoJack!- Huh?
There you are. Stay right there.
You will not believe the night I had.
- This city will eat you alive.- Did you get the ice?
[groans]
I'll be right back.
I'm lost again!
[Peanutbutter]All right, Oxnard.
We are looking ata once in a lifetime opportunity.
Too bad Todd's not here.
He's always the bestat coming up with ideas
that at first might seem terrible...
Right.
If he was here,he'd probably say something like,
"Hey, you know what's cool?Spaghetti strainers!"
Go on.
And you'd say, "I feel likeI've seen that somewhere before."
Hah! That is so me!
And then he'd say, "What if I told you
that this spaghetti straineris also a hat?"
A spaghetti strainer that's also a hat?
That is a brilliant idea!
That's a terrible idea.That's my point!
Put that in the maybe pile.
Right now, we need to focuson TV shows.
I'm sure Todd would suggest,
A Spaghetti StrainerThat's Also A Hat: The TV Show.
That's it! Todd, you've done it again.
No! Nobody's done anything.
Oxnard, I want you to buy outthe entire spaghetti strainer warehouse.
I mean, every spaghetti strainer they got.
I'm putting all my moneyin spaghetti strainers for this show.
- How is this a show?- Don't ask me. It's your idea.
[sighs]
- [vehicle stopping]- [door opens, closes]
I took care of our problem.
What did you do?
You don't need to know anything else.It's been taken care of.
Ana...
There-- There was a momentback at the hotel where...
I really thought I blew it,I was scared it was all over, and--
And then after, I was relieved.
I don't know if I should win an Oscar.
- I don't know if I want to.- Stop punishing yourself.
I was in New Mexico.
None of that matters.All that matters now is the story.
We get to decide what our story is.
Nobody else gets to tell youwhat your story is.
- What is my story?- I'll tell you.
This has been your dream for the last30 years. You made it happen.
An Oscar won't make you happy forever,it won't solve all your problems.
You win that Oscar,the next day you go back to being you.
But that night is a really good night.
I think you deserve a really good night,and I know how to get you there.
Do you want that?
Yes, I do.
Go introduce your movie. Tell your story.
Tomorrow we fly to Chicago.
Being Secretariatisn't just about running fast.
Secretariat's a state of mind.
It's about doing the right thing,standing up for yourself.
Why, I look around and I seea whole room full of Secretariats.
You are Secretariat.
And you are Secretariat.
And you... are Secretariat.
BoJack, it's such a beautiful movieand I think such a textured performance.
When you were on Horsin' Around,
could you ever have imaginedthat you'd give a performance like this?
- Yes. Actually, I imagined it a lot.- [laughter]
I always knew I was morethan just a dumb TV actor.
Even if other peopledidn't always know that.
- [laughter]- Seriously, though...
that TV show...
it wasn't me.
This movie is me.
And I can't tell you how great it feelsto finally be doing
the kind of work that I can be proud of.









Season 3 ep. 2


Whoa.
So, that was weird.
Yeah. Wait.Why did you think that was weird?
You know, you and me together, weird.
So it's not becauseI did that talking penis thing, right?
Just the general concept of ussleeping together that's weird, right?
Yeah.
[man] Good morning, Hollywood.It's a beautiful morning in sunny 2007.
Oh, my God, 2007?Is that what time it is?
I gotta get my Uggs on and get to work.
Well, you sure you don't wantto just hang around for a little bit?
- I got no plans.- No, sadly, I have to go to my job,
to help my boss find gigsfor you to turn down.
If Marv brought me something good,I would do it.
Besides, I'm still decompressingfrom my last gig.
Horsin' Around?That ended 11 years ago.
Really? Where does the time go?[gulping]
What, you're just gonna stay at homeand get drunk all day?
Don't climb up my ass. I invited youto play hooky and hang out with me.
I got a new HD DVD player.
Let's get wrecked and get Shreked.
BoJack, last night was funand you're sweet, sort of.
- I don't want to make a thing of this.- We agree. It's not a thing.
- Not a thing.- Definitely not a thing.
No, this is not a thing.[nervous chuckling]
Yeah.
[funky electronic music]
♪ ♪ 
[pop music playing]
♪ Generic 2007 pop song ♪
♪ Auto-tunedSo all the voices sound weird ♪
♪ Ah! This is a pop songIt's 2007 ♪
Hey, Todd, I think you just got a text.
"Who do you like,question mark, colon, bracket"?
That's a smiley face, homeslice.
- Who do you like?- I don't like anyone.
That's ridonkulous.You have to like someone.
- If I have to, I guess, uh... Kimber?- [groans]
Everyone likes Kimber.That's like saying you like Fergie.
- Who do you like?- I'm not allowed to like anyone.
My dad is real strict.Do you know The Sopranos?
The show, or that weird saxophonethat Kenny G plays?
The show, about the guy in the mob?That's what my dad does.
Whoa! Hey, speaking of mobs,
we gotta bounce if we're gonna makethat flash mob at the Grove.
Man, I love flash mobs.
And I love you--
Ubisoft's "Assassin's Creed".It's a new video game.
- Okay, let's go flash mob.- Whoo! Flash mobs.
♪ This ain't 2006It's 2007 ♪
I just don't knowhow I feel about my husband
doing a bunch of wacky commercialsoverseas.
Not overseas, underseas.
You're looking at the new faceof Seaborn's Seahorse Milk.
What the hell is seahorse milk?
Beats me, but you better believeI'm trusting Seaborn's.
For all my seahorse milk needs.
- It just seems a little cheesy.- Hey, I'm not too big for anything.
And my flip phoneis blowing up with opportunities.
Michael Vick made mea very strange offer.
But I'm gonna hear him out.Always take the meeting.
Ahem. Can I help you?
I'll have an Americanowith steamed milk instead of water.
One latte?
For you, my second and final wife?
Oh, I usually like a cool drinkwhen it's hot outside
and a warm drink when it's cold outside.
But today is a perfect day, so--
One lukewarm coffeefor my gorgeous spouse.
Name?
Jessica, obviously. I'm Jessica Biel?
- Mmm... uh...- From Stealth? Summer Catch?
Rules Of Attraction? Nothing?
[sighs] Girl from Seventh Heaven whotook her clothes off for that magazine?
- Oh, yeah.- Thank you, Blarn?
That's my name.
So she kissed a girl, huh?
And she liked it? This I gotta see.
Talk to you later.
P.C., where are you hiding?
Right out here, Marv, same placeI've been for the last 14 years.
Get in here and tell mewhat scripts I read this weekend.
We have three standouts here.
A feature calledNo Country For Old Men.
- It's about a hunter who--- [snoring]
Sorry, I fell asleep for a second.Because that title's too long.
No Country For Old MenIt's About A Hunter Who?
Pass.
- Aaah!- Titles should be two words.
Pretty Woman. Beautiful Girls.
Private Parts.
Then you might not like this next one,There Will Be Blood?
There will not be blood.
I would have acceptedThere Will, or Be Blood.
- Firm pass.- Oh!
This last one is really special.
It's a TV pilot from a veteran sitcomwriter named Cuddlywhiskers called...
- Hmm... Mitch's Life.- Now there's a title.
I think if we attach the right talent,this could be a hit.
You know who'd be great?BoJack Horseman.
[laughing]
Don't make me laugh, because I havea heart condition and it could kill me.
Every little thing I bring that guy,he turns down.
I think with the right project,BoJack could--
Bup, bup, bup! P.C., do I get you coffeeand pick up your dry cleaning
and buy you peek-a-boo negligeesfor strange women
- you saw at the train station once?- No.
Then how about I don't do your joband you don't do my job?
You know,I would like to be an agent someday.
Yeah, yeah, someday, sure.
But for now,you're learning from one of the greats.
Mark my words.
The best agent in the worldcouldn't get that joker off his ass.
Hmm...
[doorbell rings]
BoJack, I brought you Four Loko.
I brought four Four Lokos.That's 16 Lokos.
Finally someone brings mean adequate amount of Lokos.
Are you trying to get me drunk?
[groans]You were trying to get me drunk.
Where are you taking me,what am I wearing?
To a meeting, and your clothes.
Is this a fedora?What am I, Jason Mirzizzerzaz?
- I don't know.- You know who.
I knew you wouldn't take this meetingif I didn't trick you into it.
Cuddlywhiskers has a great scriptand wants to meet you.
I have a script for you. It's called"The BoJack Says No Chronicles".
Fade in, Princess Carolyn's car.
Princess Carolyn: "Hey, BoJack, you wantto do this dumbass thing?" Act break.
Act two.BoJack turns to Princess Carolyn.
BoJack: "No, thank you." End of episode.
Hey! Aren't you the horsefrom Horsin' Around?
[sighs] You see, this is why I don'tgo out amongst the not-famouses.
Just do me a favorand take this meeting.
- [groans]- If you're a good boy,
we can do that weird French thingyou saw in that Internet video.
Ooh, parkour?
This show came to mewhen I was in rehab.
I realized I'm only here on this earthfor a bit, why not dig deeper?
- Huh.- Don't get me wrong.
I'm proud of the seven yearsI spent on Krill &amp; Grace.
That show did so muchfor the way society views krill people.
That show didn't make me happy.
The awards, the moneydidn't make me happy.
Did you try spending the money on things?
I started to feel like I was trappedin a giant plastic ball.
BoJack, meet my lovely assistant,Jill Filipowicz.
- Hey.- Hi.
- Did I say you could speak, wench?- You can't talk to me like that.
[grunts]
- Clean up that mess this instant!- No. I'm a dirty girl.
- Uh...- I'm filthy.
- You are being very bad.- You'll have to punish me later.
[both chuckling]
Jill and I have a very...special relationship.
Want to tell me about the show?I hear it's great.
I've worked on great showsmy whole career.
Great shows are easy.
I didn't become president of the Lampoonso I could make "great" shows.
- Harvard Lampoon.- Yeah, I got it.
I'm trying to do something different here.
- Something that lasts.- Huh.
Think about it.
If you're ready to finally stop being"The Horse" from Horsin' Around,
send me an e-mail:Cuddlywhiskers@harvard.edu.
- That's H-A-R--- I got it.
[gasps]
You got some mail, babe.
Mwah! You understand I'm usingthat pet name ironically, right?
Yes, Wayne.
Oh, my God, check it out,a rejection letter from The New Yorker.
That magazine is for white people.White people are the worst, right, guys?
Yup.
"Dear Diane.We are sorry to say that your piece,
'An Open Letter to Open Letters',wasn't right for us,
despite its evident merit."Do you know what this means?
Caring leads to disappointment?Trying is stupid and so is having dreams?
Someone gave my piece a readand decided against it.
Their journalistic stylecouldn't be more outmoded.
- Satire? More like "sa-tired."- I never even thought they'd read it.
"Talk of the Town"?More like "Schlock of the Clown".
Then they typed me a letterthat said it had "obvious merit".
"Shouts and Murmurs"?More like "Louts and..."
What rhymes with murmurs?
For two peoplewho don't like The New Yorker,
you know a lot about the differentsections of The New Yorker.
And then Cuddlywhiskers said:
"What if we stopped thinking of TVas a conduit to tell stories
and thinking of itas a conduit to tell truth?"
And I was like: "Damn, this guymust have gone to Yale or something."
Sounds like you two really hit it off.
We were like Heidi and Spencerup in there.
So you're gonna do the show?
- Nah. Timing's really off right now.- [sighs]
iPhone's coming out this year,I need to gear up for that.
I'm done. That's it, I'm tiredof bending over backwards for you.
I mean this in all seriousness,professionally or in bed?
Why won't you do this?Give me one good reason.
Because his show sounds incredible.And what if... I'm not?
What if there's a reason the only thingI'm known for is Horsin' Around?
BoJack, you are amazing.
You're bright and you're funnyand you're handsome and you're talented.
But if you can't see that,
then you're the biggest,dumbest piece of shit in the world.
- [pop music playing]- [laughter and chatter]
How long do we have to stay in here?
- It's called Seven Minutes in Heaven.- Uh...
We don't have to kiss.
I know you'd rather be in herewith Kimber.
That's not true. It's just that, Emily...
- What?- I've never kissed anyone before.
That's okay.Maybe we can try with each other?
That way, when you're in here with Kimberone day, you'll know exactly what to do.
Okay, so how should we do it?French style, Eskimo, Butterfly?
I'll tell you. I know exactly what to dobecause I practice all the time
with a picture of Adam Brody--No, I don't!
[chuckles]
Just close your eyes,and we move our faces toward each other.
- Okay.- Until we...
- [sighs]- [Marv] Oh!
Well, the elusive BoJack Horseman.
You do, huh? Hey, Princess Carolyn,guess who just got BoJack a job.
You... are the secretaryof a wonderful agent.
Now go pick upa pair of satin crotchless undies.
I saw a stewardessat the Yum Yum Donuts.
We did not make eye contact.
[man] Good morning, Los Angeles.
It's two months later in 2007.
[man 2] Two months later?Two months later than what?
[man 1] Did I say two months later?
Cookie chartreuse brontosaurus,I think I'm having a stroke.
Aaah!
- Jeez, sleep much?- Jeez, watch me sleep much?
Well, I couldn't sleep.
I kept thinking abouttoday's first read-through.
These thingsare always so nerve-wracking,
to sit there and performfor all these people like some kind of a--
- Professional actor?- Very funny.
- Before I forget, I got you a present.- [gasps]
It's a box...with crinkly tissue paper inside it.
How did you know?
Thank youfor putting this whole thing together.
Even though I still can't believeI let you talk me into this.
Promise meeverything's going to be okay?
I promise it's gonna be great.
If you get scared,look for me in the audience.
I'll be there the whole time,laughing and cheering louder than anyone.
- Mmm...- Mm-mmm-mm.
"Mitch tosses the vodka bottleinto the garbage. Thud."
"Goodbye, old friend."
"Mitch turns off the lightand closes the door as we...
Fade to black. End of episode."
Thank you.
Let's see what the suits say.
Bet they're gonna want to bland it up,make it appeal to middle America.
[groans] That's the worst part of America.
Other than the bottom,the top and most of the sides.
BoJack, Cuddlywhiskers,what can we say?
This is why you guys are the prosand we're just the schmoes.
I think what my husbandis trying to say is, "Great job."
Enough with the torture.
Don't have to feed me to finger me.Just lay on the notes.
[laughs] Our only note? No notes.
- No notes?- We love this show.
BoJack, I'm calling it right now.
This show is gonna be as bigas Horsin' Around.
[gulps]
Huh.
And then Justin said, "Jessica Biel?You are un-Jessica-Bielievable."
- It was so funny.- Wow.
It seems like you're reallyin sync with this Justin guy.
You should do all the thingswith him that I can't do.
Like eat chocolate,or enjoy fireworks, or watch tennis.
Why, tennis makes me so mad.Why doesn't anyone ever catch the ball?
Hello? Can we please getsome service in this place?
I'm famous actress Jessica Biel.I'm one of the Jessicas.
Mom, I'm finally gonna bea published writer.
My "Open Letter to Open Letters"is going to be published in McSweeney's.
Mc-What? Who's that? Some Irish?
No, Mom. It's a very popular website.
Oh, no, no, no, no.I'm not falling for that scam.
Website? We gotta print it outon our own paper with our own ink?
- I don't think so.- Mom.
And my Blockbuster original serieshas been keeping me very busy.
I still don't get how that's gonna work,at all.
Babe, it makes total sense.
They make the whole season,put it on six DVD's.
People go to their local Blockbuster Video
and rent it out one disc at a timefor five days each.
What if someone already rentedthe episodes they want?
They can just get something else,like The Illusionist or The Prestige.
- Whichever one you were in.- Do you know which one?
- Do you?- [groans]
- Why do you say yes to everything?- I get excited by the possibilities.
Look, a CD, at a coffee shop?That is crazy.
- Buying it.- Eh-eh eh-eh! No.
- Drop it. Drop it.- [whimpers]
Good boy.
Buzz-buzz-buzz buzz buzz-buzz!
- You heard what the network said.- Heard they loved it.
Yoo-hoo! I also heard that.
Exactly. The network loved it.
Obviously, we're playing it too safe.
If you want my opinion, fellas,you hit oil, stop drilling.
"I am an oil man.I drink your milkshake."
- That'll be funny in a year or so.- Before that got sad and weird,
you said, "If you want my opinion,"and we don't.
Cuddlywhiskers, you told meyou wanted to do something different.
Now we're doing something that's gonna be"just as good as Horsin' Around."
Is that what you wanted?That's not why I'm here.
- I know.- I really think you're making a mistake.
I'm not taking career advice
from somebody who's beenan assistant the last 14 years.
Is that how you think of me?As your agent's assistant?
- What do you think you are?- I don't know.
Here's some free advice:you should know.
Why don't you leave this to the grown-ups?
Somebody needs coffee,I'll give you a ring.
Okay, best of luck.
[clears throat]
Cuddlywhiskers,let's give ourselves one night
to stick our dicks in this scriptand go balls deep into the universe.
I'm in.
What's that, you say?There's a panic? At the disco?
I gotta go. What do you want, Toots?
I want to be an agent. I think I'm ready.
[groans] Again with this"I wanna be a female agent" thing.
They don't even have a word for it.Uh, agentess, agentrix.
- It's just called "agent", Marv, agent.- Okay, okay!
You're an agent, all right?I dub thee agent.
You can even take my office,because I quit.
- What?- Who needs the headache?
Thirty years I threw into this joband it destroyed me from the inside out.
I never fell in love,I never had a family.
I never even got to give that lacy teddy
to the mean woman who worked at the DMV.
[sighs] All I have is regrets.
Oh, my God, I'm an agent!I'm gonna make it after all.
Whaah!
First thing I'm gonna dois get rid of that ceiling fan.
How do we make it clearthat this isn't Horsin' Around?
What if in the very first scene,we show my character
literally taking a massive dumpon a VHS copy of Horsin' Around?
What? That's insane.
Let's just put it in,we can always take it out later.
I want this character to be really edgy,
the kind of character Denis Learywould be offered and then say:
"This character's too edgy for me."
What if he had a catchphrasethat was an anti-catchphrase?
Like if every time he entered the roomhe was like, "Whassup, bitches?"
Not that, because that's horrible.But something like that.
Whassup, bitches?
- That is so dumb.- But kind of brilliant, right?
Yes, put that in.Put all this in, this should be the show.
This should be the show.
I haven't felt this alivesince the head of the Charles Regatta.
- That's a Harvard thing.- Yes. This is brilliant.
What if we had five minutes of himreading a book to himself?
Oh, my God, yes.
Just him turning the page.A close-up of my eyeball.
- [bottle breaks]- The real shit, they never show that.
Wow, we did it.
We stayed up all night, but we really madesomething new and different and daring.
We've changed everything but the title.
Well, then, how aboutwe give it a new title?
- The BoJack Horseman Show.- [gasps]
Oh, Cuddlywhiskers,I don't know what to say.
Well, then why don't you just say,"Whassup, bitches?"
But, you know, not that.
- Something like that.- We'll figure it out.
Seriously, can I hear 400 dollars?Let's not forget why we're here tonight.
To raise moneyfor the John Edwards campaign.
I was talkingto one of the volunteers earlier
and she was just gushingabout how John Edwards touched her.
I say, let's make this man presidentso he can touch whoever he wants.
- Four hundred dollars.- I don't know what's cheesier,
this three-cheese risottoor that dude's patter.
Seriously.
This fundraiser should have a fundraiserfor a better host of this fundraiser.
Totes McGotes.
I'll post that to my Twitter page.You should follow me.
I'm A with a circle around it,"insWayne in the membWayne".
- [Diane sighs]- What's a Twitter page?
[chuckling] Erica, you know you're notallowed to vote in national elections.
[electronic music playing]
You sure it's okayto be in your parents' bedroom?
Todd, so we've been togetherfor months now.
Um, I was thinking maybe that we try sex?
Uh...
We don't have to.I don't wanna peer pressure you.
No. I'm ready for sexual situations.
- Um...- Hooray. Um, taking your virginity.
Yeah, sure. That's how I would say it.
Okay, here we-- Here I go.Uh, this is Todd doing sex.
- [garage door opening]- Did you hear that?
Oh, snap. My dad's home early.You gotta get out of here.
Your dad, the mobster?
What? My dad's not a mobster.
You said he was like that guyfrom The Sopranos.
I said he works on The Sopranos.He's an editor.
Oh, God, oh, God! Even worse.
He must be so desensitized to violence
and nihilistic ruminationson the banality of evil.
Here, out the window.You love shimmying, right?
You know I love shimmying,but that's a two-story drop.
Use this.
- Go, get out. Go, go!- Uh, okay.
Oh, shit.
[grunts]Sorry.
[panting]
Whoa, whoa, Tony marries Dr. Melfi?
Mamma mia!
- So, the island's purgatory, right?- What's really happening--
- Hold that thought.- [groans]
Hey, Princess Carolyn, you came.
I figured since I'm your agent, I shouldat least show up to your premiere party.
I know I haven't called in a while.I've been really busy.
I figured you'd call meif you needed a coffee.
Ouch.
Hey, big premiere tonight.Very exciting.
Yeah.
After tonight, it's no more "Aren't youthe horse from Horsin' Around?"
From now on it'll be,"You're BoJack Horseman."
I'm happy for you, BoJack.
- How about a kiss for good luck?- No, BoJack.
I'm your agent and your friend,and I will always support you.
But I'm 33 years old, and I wantto have a family by the time I'm 40.
I don't want to spend the next seven yearsin and out of love with you.
I've wasted too much timewaiting for things to happen.
And I'm not gonna wait anymore.
And for what it's worth, I always likedthe horse from Horsin' Around.
- You did?- Yeah. Everybody did.
Unbelievable.Un-Jessica-Bielievable.
Can we not fight while I'm at a gig?
There are a lot of big producers,this could be my next big break.
[groans]This podunk benefit is below us.
I'm about to be in what I've been toldis a very important gay rights movie,
I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry.
I now pronounce me very impressed,but I'm not getting those kinds of offers.
- As Justin would say, "Cry me a river."- Hey, if you like Justin so much,
maybe you should just continueto be really good friends with him.
Fine, maybe I will marry Justin.
Uh, I didn't say that.
I now pronounce this marriage over.Biel with it.
[sobbing]
- You wanted water?- Thanks.
Wait. Blarn, right?Yeah, from the coffee shop.
What are you doing here?Is there coffee to "bariste"?
I also do cater waiter gigsto make ends meet.
You "bariste" and cater and waiter?[laughs] Triple threat.
I should be bringing you the water.
You know, just for the record, I thinkit's cool that you put yourself out there.
A lot of guys in your positionwouldn't take gigs like this.
They'd be afraid peoplewould make fun of them.
That's dumb.
If you care about what other people think,you're never gonna do anything.
- Yeah, you're right.- Oh, my God, I'm so glad you agree.
I was like, "Why did I say that?That was so dumb."
Then you were like, "That's right."And I was like, "Ooh! Validation."
- Hey, mind if I change out of this shirt?- Go ahead.
[groans] This monkey suit is killing me.
Oof! Hey there, Delilah.
Sweet hang, Blarn.You're one in a million.
- Actually, my name isn't Blarn.- What?
I put that on my nametag as a dumb joke
to subvert the ideaof co-opting personal identity
to further corporate branding which,as I'm saying it, isn't much of a joke.
[laughing]
"Blarn." That is very funny.You should be a writer.
Thanks. I'm Diane.
- Mr. Peanutbutter.- Yeah, I know.
- Add me on MySpace, okay?- Sure.
All right.Guess I'll see you around, Diana.
It's Diane.
Hey, buddy, slight change of plans.
Call it off.Call the whole thing off.
What do you mean?We premiere in two minutes.
Call the network,cancel the whole thing.
Nobody wants to see me take a dumpon a Horsin' Around VHS.
BoJack, it's going to be fine.This is what we wanted, remember?
Easy for you to say.It's my name on the show.
This is why I didn't want to doanother TV show. Everything was perfect.
BoJack, this shit is bananas.B-A-N-A-N-A-S.
I can't promise everyonewill love this show.
No matter what, people will remember it.
Five, ten years from now, this is the showpeople will associate you with,
and you'll be glad they do.
Because this show is real,it's edgy, it's different.
A lesser talentcouldn't have pulled it off.
But I'm willing to beton BoJack Horseman.
- Are you?- Yes, I am.
Great. Because the show is startingand your life is about to change forever,
in three, two, one.
[BoJack on TV]Whassup, bitches?
♪ Back in '07 I was ina not-successful TV show ♪
- ♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪- ♪ Goddamn ♪
♪ What the hell was I thinkin', bro? ♪
♪ When you're an artistYeah, it's hard to play it safe ♪
♪ That show stumbled hardright out the starting gate ♪
♪ Wonder if I'm evergonna get another chance ♪
♪ Maybe a listicle at best ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm not a horse, I'm an ass ♪
♪ BoJack ♪
Boxer versus Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 3 ep. 3 

















[Horsin' Around music playing]
What happened to my birthday cake?
- Goober.- It wasn't me.
But you're welcome to check my pockets.
- Go home, Goober.- Go home, Goober.
- [applause]- [videotape stops]
[man] Oh, I was a Goober, all right.I Goobed with the best of 'em.
But that ain't me anymore.
I'm now the proprietor/spokesperson/number one customer of Whale World.
At Whale World, families come together
to admire the fine female formof the majestic killer whale.
It's educational.
Join us in the Splash Zone.
You and your little onesare gonna get moist.
Whoo-hoo!
These orcas have the floppiestdorsal fins in town
and they can't wait to jumpthrough hoops for you and your kids.
Bring your prepubescent daughters,
who are beginning to be cognizantof a woman's role in the world.
They won't internalizedeeply problematic notions
about the commodificationof sexuality in today's society.
What are you talking about?It's just whales.
And what about so-called "experts,"
who say it's wrongto keep these girls in captivity
so they can amuse and entertain us?
Well, to those people I say,"Stop saying that, okay?"
These sea girls are my family,and my business.
And they can be yours too.
Come on down to Whale World,a fun, sexy time for the whole family.
[funky electronic music]
♪ ♪ 
[piano music playing]
♪ It is winter, yes, that's right ♪
♪ A time for family and lights ♪
♪ It doesn't mean GodAnd it doesn't mean pray ♪
♪ Unless that's what you wantBut who are we to say? ♪
- Hey, Jill.- Where are you? I hear mirth.
An elementary school all inclusivenon-denominational winter day pageant.
Oh, no. The snow goblin wants to destroyour seasonal festivities.
"Snow goblin" is an offensive slur.
Jesus, Jill.And you thought your play sucked.
- I didn't.- Well, regardless.
A lot of these fancy kids'fancy parents are Oscar voters.
If I wanna get nominated,I got to rub elbows
and whatever the non-denominationalword for schmooze is.
Hobnob. Did you checkon Cuddlywhiskers like I asked?
He's doing great.Little of this, little of that.
Likes to go jogging... in a big wheel.
- You didn't check on him, did you?- Completely forgot.
- Shh! Keep it down, buddy.- Oh, I'm sorry.
Did you miss the three wise people maketheir journey to visit the regular baby?
Go to his house.
If he's not there, you must retrievesomething for me,
something of a sensitive nature.
Oh, fine, if it'll finally make you stopcalling me, asking me to go on errands.
- What do you need?- A letter I wrote him,
back when we were, prepare yourself,I'm about to say lovers... Lovers.
- That was not enough time to prepare.- Get off the phone, jerk.
It was years agoand it was quite beautiful
and disgusting all at once.I remember it fondly. And horribly.
- What's in the letter?- None of your concern. I must have it,
for... sentimental reasons. Goodbye.
- Did you have a nice phone call?- Are you in the Academy?
- No.- Then I don't care what you think.
- I got to go do a thing for someone.- Fine.
You made your appearance,you were magnificent, I'm very proud.
But don't forget, you have a full dayof muckety-muck glad-handing.
The Bat Mitzvah,the senior Academy member meet and greet.
You'll be wonderful,I have complete faith in you.
That is literally the first timeanyone ever said that to me.
Diane, you'll keep uphis Internet presence?
I want him trending by this afternoon.
But good trending, not bad trending,you understand?
Hashtag you betcha.
Did I just say hashtag out loud?Hashtag, oops. Hashtag, oh no!
I'm honestly more alarmedby the "you betcha".
I'll take a smoke breakbefore these little boogers
dig into the refrainof "Frosty the Non-Gendered Snow Person."
Ugh. Could you imagine having a kid? Eww.
[phone] I'm Terry Grossand this is your ring tone.
I'm here with novelist Jonathan Lethem.
Jonathan,how did you become a ring tone?
[Lethem] You know, Terry,growing up in Brooklyn,
I was always fascinated by ring tonesand the stories they told.
Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.
Hello, my precious darlingslice of sunshine,
who I am not putting on a pedestal.
Just calling for our daily download,
as per Dr. Janet'sfriendly but firm suggestion.
When do you think you'll be home?
- Uh, it might be late.- Okay, just let me know.
I cherish you, I respect youand you have value.
I feel valued and I value you.
I am hearing that and I accept that.
- Diane?- Yes?
Do you accept my acceptance?
I hear it and I accept it and I value itand all the other verbs.
Promise you won't work too hard today?
I won't, if you promise meyou won't bother that skunk next door.
I don't want to come hometo a stinky husband.
That is some great food for thought.I gotta go right now.
[auto-dialing]
[sighing]
[phone ringing]
Mr. Peanutbutter,my favorite weekday client.
- Why are you calling on the weekend?- I need your help.
I've done something bad, very bad.
Put the corpse on ice, I'm on my way.
What? No, it's not. Why would I--
Listen, I was sniffing aroundwhere I didn't belong and I got skunked.
- What?- You got to help us.
- Us?- Todd's here too.
I'm skunked, Princess Carolyn.Skunked real bad.
Yeah, yeah, we got real bad skunked,super skunked.
- Hardcore.- Yeah, hardcore skunked.
Okay. First things first,don't go back in the house.
Sadly, you can call me L.L. Cool Jbecause I am in the house.
Yecch! Okay, don't move.I'll be there in 20.
Mind if I do this real quick?I gotta pick up a letter.
Can we make the appearanceswe're supposed to make and go home?
Oh, sure.
I haven't seen you muchsince you moved out of my deck chairs.
You know, I've been focusingon my new job and my marriage and--
- And avoiding me?- I'm not avoiding you.
I'm just making an effortto not be in a room alone with you
- because I am... avoiding you.- Oh.
You know, I think we're alikein a lot of ways.
I always tell peopleyou're like the not-cool version of me.
Sometimes that's great,
but it also means we can bring outthe worst in each other.
I'm trying to get my life back on track.
I just think maybe it's better,for both of us,
if we keep thingsa little more professional.
Yes, okay. Professional.
BoJack and Diane being professional.Doing our jobs and nothing else.
We're at the place I needed to go to.
It's so weird I drove here on accident.
Might as well run inand grab that thing I need to get.
- Then, back to business.- [groans]
[creaking]
- It's spooky in here. Too spooky.- Really?
And what would be the right amountof spooky? Jesus, this thing's heavy.
Now I know how Hilary Swank's armsgot so jacked.
Put it down, BoJack.
Does it look weird?Me with an Oscar?
- I actually think that it feels--- Oh, my God.
- I think she's dead.- Hold on, maybe she's not dead.
Maybe she's just being a-- a whale?No, she's dead.
Maybe there's someonein her phone we can call.
Diane, kids these days don't call.
They communicatevia a combination of text messages,
- eye rolls, and dick pics.- Oh, my God.
What is it? Dick pics?See if they spell out a message.
- [guns cocking]- Freeze! Drop the Oscar!
- Oh, man.- Well, well, well.
Or should I say whale, whale, whale?Killer whale, that is.
Or should I say killed whale?
- Listen, Officer--- I told you to freeze.
You just became prime suspectsin the case I like to call,
"Black and White and Dead All Over,A Whale Of A Crime:
An Officer Meow Meow Fuzzyface Mystery."
Eh...
- Cuff 'em, boys, or, uh, girls.- I am a woman, sir.
Lindsay, you know I am trying.
Can we please show a united frontin front of the perps?
- We will talk about this later.- Aww.
Ohh! It smells like a skunkskunked another skunk in here,
then they smoked a joint.What happened?
First I rolled all over the couchto get the skunk stench out,
but that did not work.
Then I ran into every room to rub myselfon all my clothes and belongings,
to get the Mr. Peanutbutter smell back.
And then I smoked a joint,
so that might bewhy it smells like skunk in here.
Princess Carolyn, I have to fix thisbefore Diane gets home.
Things have been shaky with us
since she pretendedto be out of the country for two months.
And then when I filled our entire house
with these giant cratesof spaghetti strainers, that did not help.
Why buy these spaghetti strainersin the first place?
Oh, I don't even remember.I'm sure it'll pay off at some point.
Man, married life is weird.
We're making an effortand getting stronger every day,
but I swear to God we are like fivebig fights away from a divorce,
I do not want this to be one.
Okay, number first.We got to get you in a tomato bath.
Mmm! Delicious and nutritious.
Is marinara all right,
or will I need something zestierlike Arrabiata?
Tomato bath.
Whoa!
I am so high right now. [sniffs]Wait, was there a skunk in here?
[Princess Carolyn groans]
- What do you know about Nadia?- Uh, who's Nadia?
Your friend doing the face-down mamboin the king-sized bathtub.
- Now I know her name is Nadia.- Oh, so you're a comedian, huh?
Although I am trying to branchinto more serious roles.
You pigs think you can march all over us.But I know my rights.
- Yeah, what are they?- I mean, I don't know them know them.
But I know that I have them.So, can I check my phone real quick?
You're not gonna look up your rights,are you?
What? No.
I'm just supposed to moderate
an Emily VanCamp live-chat talkbackon Snapchat.
Let me just set upthe user preferences here, and...
you can't detain usunless we're under arrest.
Damn it. You were looking upyour rights, weren't you?
Nope, that was just a thingI already knew.
Everyone's stupid rights these days.I never get to have any fun.
- Let's get out of here.- BoJack, I need to show you something.
This is Nadia's phone.
I did not know you were such a klepto.I can buy you a new phone.
Check this out,the last text message she sent.
"BoJack is going to kill me?"
I think someone's trying to frame you,for murder.
[gasps]
Oh, my God, we're gonna be latefor the Bat Mitzvah.
We got to get to Brentwood.
At this time of day?It's gonna be... murder.
♪ Hey, hey, hey. L'chaim ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey. L'chaim ♪Hey!
I can't believeyou're not more concerned about this.
- Someone is implicating you in a murder.- I can be two things at once.
I am very concerned,
but also very proudthat today Tovah is a woman.
Hi, BoJack Horseman,potential Oscar nominee.
I am kvelling over here. Real verklempt.
Shabbat shalom. Shabbat shalom.
- Shabbat shalom.- Shabbat shalom to you.
We need to figure out who's behind this.Call Jill, find out what she knows.
Good thinking.
If I go to jail, that will throwa monkey wrench into my awards campaign.
The Academy does not look kindlyon murder.
Rape, they don't seemto have a problem with.
Be careful. Jill could be the onetrying to set you up.
She did send us to the house.
Backstrom, turn it down a notch.Aren't you supposed to be tweeting for me?
This is a crucial weekendfor BoJack brand awareness.
What am I supposed to tweet?"Someone got murdered, we found the body.
- Hashtag murder party"?- No, obviously.
[grunts] Bat Mitzvah in Brentwood.Hashtag Jewish stuff.
- [Jill] BoJack.- Hey, Jill.
You're not trying to frame mefor murder, are you?
- What?- Can you take this seriously?
Can you take this seriously?
You find the letter? Check in the ventbehind the water feeder.
I've been pretty tied upat Drake's cousin's Bat Mitzvah.
Did you know Drake's cousin was Jewish?
I'm sorry, did I forget to hang up?Get the letter.
This is why I couldn't live in New York.Everyone's so bossy.
Also, what's with the pizzaby the slice thing?
Hey, New York,either eat a pizza or don't.
I'm calling the last personNadia was in contact with before she died.
Maybe she knows something.
- [female] Nadia?- No, this is--
Where you been? Boys upstairsare getting real sick of you.
[Goober] Get off the phone,Skinny Gina. You're on the clock.
[female] I gotta go.
- That man's voice sounded familiar.- Yeah, super familiar.
Something about that voicemade me want to tell it to go home.
- [gasps] It's Goober.- [gasps] Goober.
That guy never went home.
Except for that one episode"Goober Goes Home,"
because we wereon a softball team together
and the home was home plate.
They must be at Whale World.
Okay, good. Because I absolutelywant to get to the bottom of this.
Can we at least waituntil after they lift the chair?
- That is my favorite part.- Yeah, we gotta lift the chair.
[Todd]Oh, I taste delicious.
How you boys doing in there?
- Ahh! I feel clean as a whistle.- Oh, no, the stain.
- Me three.- [groans]
You took your bath together?
Lena Dunham takes baths with her friendsand no one gives her shit.
Gotta-- Gotta get dry.
Mr. Peanutbutter, use the towel.Do not shake.
- The sauce is so sticky and wet.- Don't shake.
It's dripping all over my body.I gotta shake!
- Aaah!- [Princess Carolyn] Aah!
Oh, yeah.
[shuddering]
Oh, look, that made things worse.
Okay, I'll call a cleaning service.You two get rid of the stinky clothes.
You got it, chief.Hooray! Following instructions.
[dance music playing]
Ooh.
Fish half off at Beverly Hillsfarmers market.
Hashtag something fishy this way comes.
You're not putting emojis in, are you?BoJack don't tweet emojis.
- BoJack? Oh, my God!- Oh, hey... you.
I haven't seen you in forever.
- You came to see your old friend.- Uh, yeah.
All this timeI thought you forgot about me.
Things haven't been so swell with mesince the show ended.
- Not like you, Mr. Movie Star.- [chuckles] Okay, buddy.
Just knowing that you care about me
and would come patronizemy place of business,
- it really means a lot.- You got it, Goober.
Oh, no, I haven't been Gooberfor 20 years.
- You can call me by my real name.- Okay, maybe I will.
Right now, call me by my real name.I want to hear you.
Uh...
I want to say Goo... bert.Goobert?
Oh, you didn't come to see me, did you?
- No, we did, but--- I get it. I'm a big joke.
"Let's all go down to Whale Worldand laugh at Goober.
We'll have a whale of a good timeat Goober's expense.
He's always good for a laugh."
I should've known betterthan to get my hopes up.
Yeah.
We're looking for one of your strippers,Skinny Gina?
Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.We don't employ strippers here.
Whale World is a family establishment,
where children of all ageshave a fun, sexy time.
Hey, Skinny Gina,get that sweet tail over here!
You got a customer. You enjoy yourself.
- Well, hello, land mammals.- [chuckles]
We're just here to ask you some questionsabout your friend Nadia.
I'm on the clock. You want to chat?
Buy me a private dancein the Blowhole Room.
- Oh, please.- Ugh, gross. Private dance?
But if that's the only way she'll talk,then fine.
Fine, I'm offended. Yuck.
But really, guys, gross. Start it now.
- But gross.- [groans]
Oh, um, you can dance howeveryou want. Don't do this for my benefit.
Tango, waltz, salsa.I'm just saying, but pretend I'm not here.
- How would you dance then?- Like a stripper, probably.
Listen, we have some bad news.Your friend Nadia is dead.
- Not surprised.- You're not?
A lot of girls like her come through here.Sweet, vulnerable.
This place takes 'emand makes 'em a lot of promises.
They say they're gonna take care of you,make you big like Shamu.
But once your body gets too banged up,they don't want you no more.
- Thar she blows, then thar she goes.- Shit.
Watch your mouth, lady.There are children here.
- Uh...- [giggling]
What do you know about Nadia'srelationship with Cuddlywhiskers?
Doesn't ring a bell, never met the guy.
His house has been abandonedfor months, though. That's all I know.
- That's it?- That's it.
A bunch of girls used to hang out.
He had some sort of system.Told 'em he was gonna help 'em.
- What do you mean, "system"?- I have already said too much.
A system is a formulated methodor plan of procedure.
- I know what the word "system" means--- But that's all I can say.
That text that Nadia sent you,"BoJack is going to kill me."
Any idea what that's about?
Hey, I don't know nothing about BoJack.
How do you not know about BoJack?I am very famous.
- Time's up.- [groans]
[sighs]
Hey, if you really want to knowabout all that stuff,
come by here real late.
There's an after-hours party.But that's all I can say.
I'm not gonna spill any more beans.
Say you got BoJack with you.That'll get you in. Okay, that's it.
Is Wilbur coming today?
Wilbur's not real. He was a characteron a TV show you were on.
- Oh. Are my kids coming today?- Um...
- No.- Hey there, fella.
Can't wait for you to see Secretariat,think you're gonna love it.
Hey, old pal.Hope you remember how to vote.
We have to goto this Whale World party.
I know I should go,I'm invested in figuring out
who's trying to frame me for murder.
Are you sure you wanna go with me?Outside of work hours?
I wouldn't want to be unprofessional.
Sorry about what I said.
I was embarrassed by the person I waswhen I was staying with you.
I'm trying not to be that person.
I make you unhappy?Is that what you're saying?
It's not about being happy.That's the thing.
I'm just trying to get through each day.
I can't keep asking myself, "Am I happy?"
It just makes me more miserable.
Can I get a photo with the star?
- Of course.- Oh, thank you.
I don't know if I believe in it,real lasting happiness.
All those perky, well-adjusted peopleyou see in movies and TV shows?
- I don't think they exist.- No one's happy all the time.
- You have to focus on the small things.- Right.
- Like winning an Oscar.- Right.
Hey, old pal.Look at this guy, still alive.
Hope your voting finger works.
- What happened out here?- You told us to get rid of the clothes.
Oh, we got rid of 'em, all right.They're never coming back.
[cackling]
You two are impossible.Why did you even call me here?
Because you're Princess Carolyn,you can fix anything.
That's true.But you can't start a fire on your lawn.
There's a drought and--There's a drought.
You, thoughtful husband that you are,got rid of your lawn,
and replaced itwith drought-resistant landscaping.
This could work.I got to make a few phone calls.
Aw, thanks. You're the best.
I tell you, I've got half a mindto go over
and give it to that skunkfor starting this whole darn thing.
No. You go inside to your spotand stay there while I fix this.
- Yeah, but-- Right, but, um...- Stay. Stay.
- Stay.- [whimpers]
- [dance music playing]- Oh, my God.
Ugh.
- I, uh...- Living the nightlife.
Hashtag feeling good about myselfand my choices.
Aah!
Hey, look.
Let's definitely follow that guy.
- Ladies first.- What a gentleman.
Ohh.
- Whoa.- Ooh.
Ohh. Oh, my God.
[phone] I'm Terry Grossand this is your ring tone.
I'm here with--
BoJack kills?
Something tells me that's not a referenceto your old stand-up act.
Was that necessary?
- What do you want?- I'm with BoJack.
Yeah? Let me see.
- See what?- Let me see some BoJack.
- [sighs] Fine.- [music plays on phone]
Wicka-wicka-wicka--♪ Now, boys and girls ♪
♪ If you wanna do the BoJackTake your hands-- ♪
- Oh, shit. You're BoJack!- Thank you. Finally.
- From the logo.- Huh?
[gasps] BoJack, you didn't kill Nadia.BoJack did.
- What?- [Diane grunts]
Nighty-night.
Wakey, wakey.
- [groaning]- So, you got a little curious, huh?
Thought you'd go sticking your little nosewhere it doesn't belong?
What's the play here?Trying to get a cut of my smack biz?
What? No, Goober.
- You know my real name.- I actually seriously don't.
[groans]
We just wanted to know why everyonewas talking about how BoJack kills?
Why would you implicate mein your drug business?
Wait, I get what happened.
You resented me all these years.My fame, your obscurity.
You made me the face of this drug,
because to you my face is a symbolfor the opiate of show business.
- No, man. You played The Horse.- Huh?
- Horse is a nickname for heroin.- What?
- BoJack. Horse. Heroin.- Uh-huh. Uh...
Oh-- Oh, okay. Yeah, right.
- Police!- Oh, God, not again.
Gotcha!Richie Osborne, you're under arrest.
- Oh, right, Reggie.- Richie.
- That's what I said. I said Rickie.- [groans]
Thank God. How did you find us?
Your Twitter account is hooked upto your phone's location services.
We've been tracking youthrough your tweets all night.
Actually, I've been tracking youall night.
Lindsay, I said "we".Do you need credit for everything?
- I would like credit for something.- [sarcastic yowl]
What do we know?
Nadia was not murdered.She died of a heroin overdose.
No one tried to frame me.All right, back in the Oscar race.
Look out, Jurj Clooners.
But something's still fishyabout this whole mess,
- and it's not just the killer whales.- Whales are mammals, Diane.
- I said it's not the whales.- You said it's not just the whales.
There's more to this story.What are we missing?
Cuddlywhiskers. What was Nadiadoing in his backyard in the first place?
What was this "system"?And where is he now?
Why was it so important to Jillto get that letter back?
Oh, yeah, the letter.This mystery has too many things.
I say we go back to the house andfinally get to the bottom of what's what.
Oh, this is turning into a real caper.
A real Jill Pill jail failkiller whale caper.
[BoJack] You're doing 50 in a 35.[Diane] Oh, God, you're right.
I feel so alive.
[groans] This letter is really graphic.
It's all about their magical nightsup at the Ojai property.
Ojai property?
She wrote out the sounds.What is a "sploink"?
Did you know Cuddlywhiskershad an Ojai property?
Sure. He always lovedto disappear up there.
After our show got canceled,he went there for six months.
It's funny, at the time no one knewwhere he was and we got really worried.
Anyway, wonder where he went this time.
Oh, you know what?
- I don't see him. Do you?- Huh.
- I'm Terry Gross and this your ring tone.- Shit.
Mr. Peanutbutter.
- Diane, where the hell are you?- Ojai.
Oh, hi? You've been gone all night,all you have to say is "Oh, hi?"
I'm so sorry. BoJack and Iwere trying to find a killer and--
Oh, you're with BoJack still?Well, that explains it. Of course.
Mr. Peanutbutter,I understand and affirm your feeling--
I'm glad you're safe.I was worried about you.
- What I'm hearing you say is you were--- No, stop.
You have to call me.It doesn't matter what's happening,
doesn't matterif it's the middle of the night.
You can't keep doing this to me.
I'm sorry. I'm coming home.
I'm going back to bed.We'll talk about this in the morning.
[groans]
- Everything okay?- No.
- Sorry.- It's not your fault.
It's my fault.
- [gasps]- BoJack?
Mmm.
After The BoJack Horseman Showfell apart, I got depressed a long time.
Sure, I wrote a bunch of hit movies,I made a ton of money,
but it wasn't fulfilling.
I remember when I won my Oscar,standing up on that stage,
looking at the statue and thought,
"This is supposed to bethe happiest moment of my life."
And I never felt more miserable.
- Oh. Because you're sober?- Because an Oscar is meaningless.
It's all meaningless.I dedicated myself to helping others.
I turned my home into a halfway housefor troubled addicts.
I had this system for recovery,and it helped a lot of them,
but even more slipped through the cracks.
That, too, left me empty.
Everyone was worried about you,you know.
You can't just disappear.You really hurt a lot of people.
Sometimes you need to take responsibilityfor your own happiness.
You don't think that's a little selfish?
I don't know what to tell you.I'm happy, for the first time in my life.
I'm not gonna feel bad about it.
It takes a long time to realizehow truly miserable you are,
even longer to seeit doesn't have to be that way.
Only after you give up everythingcan you begin to find a way to be happy.
Can you believe that guy?What a nut, right?
I just wanna go home.





Season 3 ep. 4

















Why do I have to go to this thing?
If we want to bea legitimate awards contender,
Secretariat needs to make an appearanceat a big festival.
-I can't just go to Cannes?-You Cannes not.
Apparently, the French do not care for you
ever since you said that thingin the press.
Hey, I stand by my critique of Sartre.
His philosophical arguments helpedtyrannical regimes justify overt cruelty.
Also, the French smell and I hate them.
And you can't go to Sundancebecause Robert Redford hates you.
Someone had to tell himThe Horse Whisperer was offensive.
Sorry, but real horses don't just dowhatever someone says.
And that's why you need to goto this festival.
[sighs] If you say so.
The Pacific Ocean Film Fest, or POFF,
is the biggest underwater film festivalin the world.
You make a splash there,people are going to notice.
Fine.
All you need to do is getto the premiere on time, 8:00.
Walk the red carpet, wave at the crowd,kiss some fish babies.
[groans] Fish. They're so annoying.
-[squeaking]-Sorry, lady. No habla fish talk.
You need to be sensitive to their culture.Things are different down there.
You know what a thumb's up means, right?
Yes, I know what a thumb's up means.I'll be fine.
Oh, I wanted to warn you.
Kelsey Janningsis also going to be at the festival.
-Kelsey? No.-She has another film there.
I haven't talked to hersince she got fired from Secretariat.
Well, luckily you won't have to talk muchbecause you'll both be underwater.
God, I haven't been underwater
since my mother tried to drown mein the bathtub when I was 22.
I can't do this, Ana. I'm sorry.
-Sir.-I'm getting off.
You can't.We've already pressurized the cabin.
-Sir, please return to your seat.-No. I don't want to do this.
You can't make me.
I'm a land creature.I don't belong down there.
You can lead me to water,but you cannot make--
-Hey, move it, buddy.-[speaker clicks]
-What are you, deaf?
-Oh, you have got to be kidding--





Season 3 ep. 5 




- Hey, buddy, big day.- [moans] No.
- Big premiere day.- Stop.
Secretariat in theaters now.
- How exciting.- Please stop.
People are seeing your movie,
forming opinions, judging you,all over the country.
- What are you doing?- Or not. Maybe nobody's seeing it.
Wouldn't it be weirdif literally nobody saw your movie?
How do I get out of this conversation?
Just think: by this time tomorrow,we'll know if it's a hit or a flop.
The air crackles with possibilities.
- Oh, good lord. [groaning]- Uh-oh.
It's all over. My career is gone.
I'm sure it's going to be fine.
Wasn't Secretariat a big hitat the Pacific Ocean Film Festival?
Critics called it,"Gurgle glub glub blub blub."
Festivals don't matter, Todd.
It's so you can get some leaveson your poster.
But this is the real world now.
If this doesn't hit big this weekend--
- It's-- Oh! Oh, God. [gasps]- Oh, no!
BoJack, it's gonna be okay.
- [phone ringing]- [gasps and moans]
BoJack, the East Coast box office is in.
Secretariat is, wait for it...
- a huge success!- Why would you make me wait for it?
That was a terrible timefor a "wait for it."
Do you know what this means?
You're no longer just some TV actorthey threw into a movie,
you're a bona fide movie...wait for it, star.
BoJack, how do you feel?
Awesome.
[funky electronic music]
♪♪
We defy odds,we face challenges with valor,
and we never give in.
For those reasons, and many more,
our love is like the teamthat inspired the movie Cool Runnings.
If I may borrowthat film's promotional tag line,
"Jamaican Bobsledders?"
That's right, Diane."Jamaican bobsledders."
Thank you, Mr. Peanutbutter.
Thank you, Dr. Janet,for Jamaican me open up like that.
That took up most of the hour,
but we do still have a little timeto hear from Diane.
Mr. Peanutbutter, I think you are great.
- Is that all?- I'm sorry.
I'm not always good at using wordsto describe emotions.
Aren't you a writer?
Writer/social media coordinator/director of New Media Outreach.
- [alarm blaring]- Aah!
That gentle sound tells us the sun has seton our time together this week.
But I remind youof the importance of communication.
It's the very blade of the bobsled.
I'm not singling out either one of you,
but I think for the next time,some people here
might want to work on puttingtheir thoughts and feelings into words,
as a writer does.
- Mmm?- Mm-mmm.
- Ah.- [sighs]
I settled on a company dental plan.
It's called, "The tooth, the whole tooth,and nothing but the tooth."
- Seemed comprehensive.- Not "tooth" shabby, Judah.
- [laughing]- Yes.
I also wanted to talk to you,if this is a good time,
and it is, because you have exactlynine minutes before your meeting
on Captain Hooker 2:Yo Ho Ho Ho and A Bottle Of Booty.
Yeah, what's up?
I've taken on duties beyond the scopeof my original contract.
- I think I've proven my worth.- Are you asking for a raise?
A more elegant solution might involvean ownership position in the company.
I thought I'd ask for 15 percent stake,
you'd counter with five,we'd settle on ten.
- Well, then, it's settled.- I'll draw up the paperwork.
Speaking of paper,Piper Perabo and Pauley Perrette
need to push back the pitch onthe Princess and the Pauper project.
- You have a night off tonight.- A night off?
- When's the last time that happened?- It hasn't.
- Can I help you with anything else?- Get me a date for tonight.
Make that three dates.
Who knows when I'll get another night off?
I do. And you won't.
[sighs]
Excuse me, my good man.
My movie, starring me,the movie star, just opened.
We'd like to sit at the bar.Drinks on the house.
Of course, Mr. Horseman.Right away, Mr. Horseman.
[clears throat]
Mr. Sutherland, I'm going to haveto ask you to give up your seat
for a movie star and his companion.
- Yeah. Beat it, Kiefer.- [scoffs]
Wow!
- They love you here.- Everybody loves a movie star, Todd.
I'm gonna get a lot of love.I want you by my side,
soaking up the spilloverand feasting on my discarded leftovers.
Sounds great, Boj.
Tonight, we're ridinga rocket straight into the sun.
You won't get left on the launchpadjust because nobody knows your name.
- Todd? Todd Chavez?- I think you mean BoJack.
- BoJack Horseman.- Emily.
No, BoJack. Why do people keepsaying names that aren't my name?
I haven't seen you since high school.You look great. I love the hat.
Thanks. What brings you here?
My dumb best friend's getting married,so I'm here for the rehearsal dinner.
Why is everybody not talking about mefor a moment? This is concerning.
- Oh, my God. You're BoJack Horseman.- Yeah, duh.
I loved The BoJack Horseman Show.That is, like, my favorite show.
- You mean Horsin' Around?- No, The BoJack Horseman Show.
It was so dumb. It was the best.
- Thank you?- I mean, it was the worst.
- But that's what made it so good.- Yeah, I got it.
I was laughing at itbecause it was so bad, do you understand?
- You're being very clear.- I feel like I'm not articulating.
My enjoyment didn't comefrom a place of sincere admiration.
It was more like,"What an ill-conceived television show.
Who made those terrible choices?I can't stop watching."
You don't have to keep--
Anyway, I'm pretty much in love with you.
Thanks. I love you.By which I mean, you're terrible.
I should get backto this stupid rehearsal dinner.
Todd, it was really great to see you.
Wait, did you say there's a wedding?
- I said "rehearsal dinner," but--- Whoa! We gotta crash that.
Boring regular people love itwhen movie stars show up
and drink their alcohol.
They jizz their pants for that shit.
- I don't know, BoJack.- I'm sorry, Todd. Are you a movie star?
I did narrate a Mazda commercial.Funny story how that came together.
This is not the time for oneof your weird stories that go nowhere.
- We've got a wedding to crash.- It's a rehearsal dinner.
It just doesn't come easy for me,like it does for you.
Communication is a process.That's why we're going to Dr. Janet.
- That, and there was a Groupon.- You had a model growing up.
You had a house filled with love,parents who said nice things to you,
and the beautiful verdant hillsidesof the Labrador Peninsula.
I didn't have Diane Peninsula.I had the Isthmus of Assholes.
I keep telling youwe should go visit the old country.
You'd love it up there.There's so much to smell.
[chuckles] That's weird.
I just got a text from Alexi Brosefino.
The famous movie star and man about town?
He wants me to come to his houseand party with his friends.
The Snatch Batch?
Alexi Brosefino wants you to partywith the Snatch Batch?
He's one of our clients.I met him a couple weeks ago.
We talked about meInstagramming one of his parties.
I didn't think he actually wanted meto do it tonight.
Oh, wait. Tonight?
I hoped we could snuggle upon the couch and watch Bones.
I don't think that show's aboutwhat you think it's about.
Besides, I have to go.It's for work. I'm sorry.
It's fine. But you'll call meif you're out late, right?
- Yes. I'll call you.- Okay. Have a good time.
Ugh! I'm sure I won't.
Cool guys like thattake me back to high school
and I end up feelinglike a huge nerd over again.
The only kind of nerd you should feel likeis hon-nerd that he selected you.
Princess Carolyn, I made reservationsfor you tonight at Elefante.
- Reservations?- For your dates.
One at seven,one at 8:30, and one at ten.
You actually got me three dates?
- I was joking.- I'm sorry.
I sometimes have trouble reading tone.
Once I spent 45 minutesat a fascinating lecture
at the Apollo Theaterbefore I realized it was a comedy routine.
I can't go on three dates.Can we reschedule two of them?
It will be a long timebefore you get another night off.
Especially since you have those lawyerscoming next week to change light bulbs.
Okay, I just realized nowthat was also a joke.
As the father of one of the brides,I just wanted to take a moment to--
Buenas noches, amigos.
Let's get blasted. Right?
Oh, my God, BoJack Horseman.The movie star.
This is the happiest day of my life.
- [cheering]- [hip-hop music playing]
- Ooh.- [doorbell rings]
- Can I help you?- I'm Diane.
- Um...- I work for Princess Carolyn.
You texted me to come hang outwith you and your friends.
- I'm running out of things to say.- Oh, yeah. Diane.
Yeah, no, of course. Come in, please.
- Holy shit. Is that a Klimt?- Hey, guys, we got a guest.
Diane, this is Carlos, David,and Shitshow.
- Yo.- Word.
Ah, the famous Snatch Batch.
That's just a dumb namesome reporter came up with.
We don't actually call ourselves that.
We all have sex with a lot of women.But who cares?
We also love getting brunch.
You might as well call usthe Brunch Batch.
Or the Brunch Bunch.
Oh, my God, Carlos,that's why you're the funny one.
That is really good.Write that one down.
Yeah, we get why the Casanova narrativeis appealing and how it helps our brand.
- We're not complete idiots.- Yeah, except for Shitshow.
- [blows raspberry]- [laughing]
Good one.
But within each manlives a great multiplicity, right?
- Nobody is just one thing.- Yeah, except for Shitshow, right?
- [nervous chuckle]- Ah...
You know, we can make fun of himbecause, like, he's our friend.
I am so sorry, Shitshow.
But the modern era of automotive glass
began when engineerstook two panes of laminated glass
and separated themwith a thin layer of PVB.
- Uh-huh.- How about you? Are you in the industry?
- Yes, actually. I'm an agent.- Agent?
Oh, you're in the entertainment industry.
When I said the industry,I meant the auto glass industry.
We call our business the industry
because we thinkwe're more important than everybody else.
[sighs]
[whistles]
I could bore everyone to deathabout how proud I am
of the woman Taneisha's become,
but rather than read the remarksI've been preparing
for the last eight months,I'm gonna turn the microphone over
to an honest to God movie star,BoJack Horseman, ladies and gentlemen.
[cheers and applause]
Thank you, thank you.Let's get to the reason we're here.
And no, Uncle George,I don't mean the chocolate fountain.
[laughter]
You know, I don't knowKaren and Taneisha super well,
but I do know how precious and rare it is
to find that one missing puzzle piecewho completes you.
And when you know, you know.You know?
So congrats to the happy couplefor knowing.
Okay, as they say in the movie business,"That's a wrap on BoJack."
Let's hear itfrom some of these bridesmaids.
Taneisha, Karen.[sing-song] Taneisha... Karen...
On the way here, the driver stoppedin some weird parking lot
and asked if he could touch my hair.
- That's terrifying.- I know.
It is a very popular ride-sharing app,
you'd think they could vettheir drivers better.
Which app is that?
I probably shouldn't say,for legal reasons.
I think we all knowwhich one I'm talking about.
You know what would solvea lot of problems?
If there was a ride-share app for womenthat only had women drivers.
That is such a good idea, Todd.
- You always did have such great ideas.- You know what else would be cool?
A miniature cupcake gun,
so you could shoot tiny cupcakesinto your mouth.
"Uh-oh! Is that guytrying to kill himself?"
"Nope, just a cupcake gun."
Wait, no, go back to your other idea.
- Which one?- The one about the women drivers.
Taneisha, and Karen.[sobbing] Karen and Taneisha.
[dance music playing]
And my foundation focuseson clean water initiatives
and that's actually how I met Carlos.
He patented a processfor ionic remineralization.
- It's crazy.- That's incredible.
Okay, enough shop talk. Let's roll.
- Diane?- Oh, drug taking. That's cool. I'm cool.
- What is this, Molly?- [laughter]
Yeah, Diane, some drug dealer from 2013
found a time machineand gave us this Molly.
- Nobody does Molly anymore.- This is Gush.
What's Gush?
[chuckles] Look, Diane, I get thatthis is maybe not your usual scene.
- So don't feel like you have to do any--- No, no, I can hang. Let's do drugs.
Let's put the drug in my mouth,so I can trip or roll or gush or--
- [gulping]- Oh, you all did it. Uh...
Here we go.Oh, it doesn't hit right away, does it?
- No, it'll take a few minutes.- Okay.
So how'd you guys meet Shitshow?
We went to his TED Talk.
Oh, it is so greatto finally date a woman my age.
- Yes.- Who's comfortable in her own skin.
I always say, there's more than one wayfor a cat... you know, to have skin.
And has come to termswith not having children.
What makes you thinkI don't want to have children?
Oh, come on.What are you, serious? At your age?
Since when are you an experton who can and cannot have children?
I'm a gynecologist.I specialize in fertility.
I'd be happy to put you in the stirrups,look at the old cat eggs.
Ecch! Not if you were the last albinorhino gyno on the planet.
I'm the only albino rhino gyno I know.
- Should we get some wine?- Oh, great. You're also a wine addict.
Oh, yeah!
So to do a soft launch,I think we'd only need about ten cars.
I could work out any bugs with the app.
You really know what you're talking about.
So, do you thinkyour girlfriend would get jealous
if we started this project together, or...
Oh, God, this is so embarrassing for you,but I actually don't have a girlfriend.
That's a really weird assumptionfor you to make.
You look really dumb right now.
No, actually, I was kind of hopingyou weren't seeing anybody.
I'm also not seeing anybody,for what it's worth.
- Ohh.- Hey, Todd, you must be a real cool dude
if a movie star wants to hang outwith you for no reason.
Just wanted to give youa key to the room I booked,
which nobody is in right now.
- Winkity dinkity.- BoJack.
Maybe you twoshould just go see if the bed works.
A lot of these rooms have faulty beds.
- That's a great idea.- Uh, yeah.
Okay, let me just finishthis cocktail real quick. [slurping]
- Uh...- All right, Todd. Yeah, go.
Ahh! Cool, I'm just gonna getone or two more drinks
and then we'll go check out that bed.
[Emily] Okay.
Um... hello, everybody. I was thinkingabout what BoJack said before.
About how when you know, you know.
And I'm sitting there,and I'm thinking, "Do I know?"
- Uh...- I mean, I think I know.
But if you know when you knowand I only think that I know,
maybe that means that I don't know, right?
- Oh, boy.- Karen, I'm sorry.
I love you, but I can't do this.The wedding's off.
[gasping]
- [Emily] It's a rehearsal dinner.- Thank you, BoJack.
- [mic feedback]- [sobbing]
Uh...
I don't think it's working.Am I doing this wrong?
Am I doing drugs wrong?
Alexi, did you hear backfrom that piece you texted?
- Mm-mmm! Mm-mmm.- "That piece"?
That girl was hot.What was her name again?
Doesn't matter.I mean, let's just enjoy ourselves, right?
- Diane?- What?
No, the hot girl. Her name was Diane.
You saved her in your phoneas Cool Sexy Diane.
Let's just, like, drop it, now.
That's funny.You have two friends named Diane.
You know, I also know Diane Lane.So, there's that.
Why are we talking about other Dianes?
Hey, wouldn't it be funnyif you tried to text Cool Sexy Diane,
but then instead you textedRegular Boring Diane by mistake?
And then I showed upand you were like, "Who's this chick?"
All night, I'd be hanging out with you,
thinking I was one of the gang,but it was just a big mistake
because you meant to text--Oh, shit, that's exactly what happened.
Wait, Diane, please hear me out...[voice deepens and distorts]
Whoa.
[laughter, distorted]
Oh, shit. It's hitting. I gotta go.
[panting]
- Diane, wait. Come on.- I get it, okay?
You're the cool kids. I'm the nerd.I should have known.
So I texted the wrong person. So what?This isn't high school.
There's no nerds and no cool kids.We're all adults.
We're hanging out togetherand having a good time.
- So just come back inside.- Everyone knows I don't belong there.
Hey, you belongwherever you want to belong, Diane.
- Yeah?- Yeah, look at me.
I'm a handsome white guyand I never feel like I don't belong.
Also, you took a shit ton of gush.
- Things are about to get insane.- I just took one pill.
Yeah, that's a shit ton.
- My jeans feel amazing right now.- That is great.
I feel so much love.I got to tell someone.
Yes, yes, tell me.I'm in this with you, Diane.
No. I got to go home.I got to tell my husband.
- [sighs]- Wait, Diane.
That tree is amazing.
Ugh! [shudders]
- Princess Carolyn?- You've got to be kidding me.
- You're a cat.- And you're a mouse.
- I think I know how this ends.- [both chuckling]
Let's not waste each other's timeand cut right to the chase.
- It was nice to meet you, uh...?- Ralph Stilton. It was nice to meet you.
May all your disastersbe this easy to avoid.
[chuckling]If I have one more bad date...
Oh! I am right there with you.
Date canceled.I could use a bite to eat, though.
There's this great placearound the corner.
It's a little hole in the wall,but they do a nice cheese plate.
Hmm.
- [sobbing and sniffling]- [howling]
Wow. Weird turn of events, huh?
Nobody's fault, right?I'm gonna jet.
You need to talk some senseinto my daughter.
Yeah, talking sense into peopleisn't really my thing.
In fact, I'm better at the opposite.
I once got Nic Cage to buyCharlie Chaplin's mustache on eBay.
That was his last ten bucks.
Please, BoJack. She'll listen to you.Everyone loves the movie star.
[groans]
Uh... hey, laundry cart.
Want to hide in sheetsand pretend we're ghosts?
No, Todd, I don't want to pretendlike we're ghosts.
I want to go in the hotel roomand fool around. Do you?
[chuckles] I don't know, Emily.Uh, you're pretty drunk.
No, I'm-- I'm not. I'm not drunk at all.
- Oh, well, I'm pretty drunk.- Yeah, but it seems like you're--
Maybe I should just go to bed.
- I'm, uh, I'm feeling kind of sick.- Oh, yeah. Okay.
But, hey, it was really great seeing you.
- Yeah, it was great seeing you too.- Yeah, yeah, good night.
[sighs]
What?
[laughing]
My arm is stuck in the trap
and I'm running around the kitchenlike crazy, smearing blood everywhere.
- Oh, this is me.- [alarm chirps]
I think as far as disasters go,that was one of the better ones.
It's the best non-date I've ever had.
Yeah, I was thinking,maybe some time we should have a--
- What's the opposite of a non-date?- A date.
- That's the word.- I'd like that.
Well, great, great.[chuckles]
When can I see you again?When's your next night off?
Oh.
Did I say something? Is it becauseI asked for the glass of milk?
- If you give me a cookie--- No, you're great.
It's just running an agencydoesn't give me a lot of nights off.
Tell you what, here's my card.If you're ever free, give me a call.
If not, I'll just meet somebody elseand invite you to the wedding.
- Oh, thanks.- You don't have to come, but send a gift.
- Hey, Taneisha?- [sniffling] BoJack?
- I was thinking about what you said--- Stop doing that.
Nobody should be thinkingabout the things I say.
- I love Karen. But does she complete me?- Taneisha, nobody completes anybody.
That's not a real thing.
If you're lucky enough to find someoneyou can halfway tolerate,
sink your nails in and don't let go,no matter what.
- So, what, I should just settle?- Yes, thank you, exactly. Settle.
Because otherwise you're just gonnaget older, and harder, and more alone.
And you're gonna do everything you canto fill that hole, with friends,
and your career, and meaningless sex,but the hole doesn't get filled.
One day, you're gonna look aroundand you're going to realize
that everybody loves you,but nobody likes you.
And that is the loneliest feelingin the world.
[door latch clicks]
- The wedding is back on.- [cheering]
I love you, baby. I always knew I did.
- This is the happiest day of my life.- Yeah.
[Brennan] Sometimes, the only wayto solve a crime is with bones.
[chuckling]
[man] Hey, if you love bones so much,maybe we should just call you "Bones."
[giggling] Bones.
[Brennan] To the Bones Mobile.
[panting] Mr. Peabut Nutter.Mr. Peeper Number.
- Diane? Are you okay?- [shushing]
The drugs have something to say.
And even though they are drugs,
they come from science,so let's give a listen.
Okay.
I know I don't always havethe right words,
I don't always have the right feelings,
but I love you so muchand I need you to know that.
Yeah, I know.
And sometimes I think that I know myself,but maybe that's a trap.
Because maybe I am Cool Sexy Diane,
or Really In TouchWith Her Feelings Diane.
Or possibly other Dianeswe don't even know about yet.
The point is, I'm all of the Dianes.
I know exactly what you're talking about.
I love that you do crazy thingsthat make no sense,
like fill our house upwith spaghetti strainers.
I had a very good reason for that,but I do not remember what it was.
And we're really good for each other.Or at least, you're good for me.
And you're fun. And you're sweet.
And I love you. And I need you.
And I don't always knowhow to tell you that. But drugs help.
That's right, honey. Drugs are great.
And now, I'm going to carry my man to bed.
- Here we go.- Oh, okay.
- [grunting and straining]- Uh, is this a good idea?
The drugs want me to do this,and that means it's a good idea.
- Aaah! [grunts]- Ohh!
Ow!Drugs, I thought we were friends.
Oh.
- Why were you working in the dark?- Oh, I guess it got dark.
- I didn't notice. How were your dates?- [sighs] Pointless.
Yes, most dates are.Well, I've prepared our agreement.
- Look it over, sign it at your leisure.- I don't have any leisure.
While you're signing, I have a stackof holiday cards for the staff.
I took the liberty of writinglittle personal messages
- to everyone on your behalf.- Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
- Hey.- Hey.
- What's gonna happen tomorrow?- I don't know.
- Are we going to fight?- No.
We are. Drugs are gonna wear offand I'm gonna be mean.
- Why am I so mean?- You're not mean.
[exhales]
[gasps]
- Let's go to the Labrador Peninsula.- Yeah?
- Spend New Year's with your family.- Oh, you are gonna love it up there.
I have an uncle who still plays the fluteat the local pub every week.
- I want to hear him.- Ohh, you can't.
- He plays in dog frequency.- Aww.
Well, your blood work looks good.So go home.
Oh, and, uh, lay off the drugs.Especially now.
- Why especially now?- Oh, don't worry. Your baby's fine.
What do you mean "baby"?Why do you say "baby"?
Do you not know?
- You're pregnant.- Motherf--
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
- ♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪- ♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 3 ep. 6


















...fucker!
-So, we have some options.-Yeah, a lot of options to discuss.
-You know I love you.-That's not what this is about.
We always agreedwe didn't want kids, unless--
A streetwise but soulful teenneeded somewhere to live
as he waitedfor his Juilliard audition.
We'd support his dancing and let himstay in the guest room, right.
-But a baby? Are you--?-It's not about me.
There's no "I" in uterus,there's only "us."
And "U," and another "U,"
but that's the "U" that's in "us,"so I already said that "U."
The point is,I'm going to be here for you, 24/7.
Two hundred and forty-seven percent,that's how "there for you" I'll be.
-Whatever you decide...-What we decide, because this is--
Definitely. This is a conversation.
Let's both say what we wantat the same time on three.
-Okay.-One, two--
On three or after three?
How could I say it "on three"?I'll be saying "three."
-Okay. Okay.-One, two, three...
-Abortion.-Get an abortion.
Oh, no. We said different things.
[funky electronic music]
♪♪
[host]The Oscar race is heating up,
and all the hot starscame out to sizzle
at the Golden Snowflake Awards.
Step one on the 48 awards show gauntletthat is The Exhausting Road To Oscar.
[presenter] The nominees for best actorin a motion picture or Vine are...
Mitt Dermon for Midnight Hole...
Bread Poot for City Of AIDS...
Lernernerner DiCarpricornfor The Haberdasher's Peanut...
Jurj Cloonersfor The Nazi Who Played Yahtzee...
and BoJack Horseman for Secretariat.
Oh, my God.
And the Golden Snowflake is...Jurj Clooners.
-Oh, my goodness.-[cheering]
You have to be kidding me.
Don't worry,they'll call your name next time.
My clients have won Oscarsnine out of the last ten years.
Nine out of ten?
If you were an airlineand landed nine out of ten planes,
you wouldn't exactly brag about thatin your commercial.
Everyone loves Secretariat.Your time will come.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I haveto go tell A.O. Scott how great you are.
[yelling]Hey, yo, Scott!
Hey, Diane.
-Diane, Diane, Diane.-I'm doing my job, BoJack.
Young people and their phones.
There could be a beautiful rainbowin this room right now
and you would have no idea.
Really makes you think, huh?
Can you look at rainbows on your phone?
Shut up, BoJack.
-[phone pinging]-Shit.
I just tweeted "Shut up, BoJack,"as Cynthia Nixon.
I'd buy it. She is not a fan,and for good reason.
-We were up in the Poconos, she and I...-BoJack, not now.
-What's up your butt tonight?-You really wanna know?
I would seriously like to knowwhat crawled up your butt,
made a home for itself in your butt,
started a family, lived a fruitful life,and then died up your butt.
I'm getting an abortion.
Whoa, that takes me back.
I had more than my share of abortionsin the '90s.
I didn't get them, I paid for them.
I really hope all those womenactually got the abortions,
and didn't just keep my money.
Diane, are you tweeting for pop starletSextina Aquafina right now?
I'm trying to. Why?
Because her accountjust tweeted out to 40 million followers,
"I'm getting an abortion."
What? No--
She--
Oh, balls.
The tweet heard round the world.
Sextina Aquafina says,"I'm getting an abortion."
And the world says, "Whaaa?"
If it's happening,we're gonna talk about it.
It's time for Tom's Rant.
Is Twitter an appropriate forum
to be discussing a sensitive issuelike abortion?
Wouldn't a better forum be nowhere?
Wait, does that say "Tom Srant"?Why does that say Tom Srant?
I clearly said--
Randy, don't look at Jessica.This is on you.
Diane, VIM is hanging on by a threadand only barely scraping by
because of clients like Sextina.
Hey! Heard you pulled the triggeron the Big Bear condo.
Great investment.We are not on the edge of complete ruin.
We are on the edge of complete ruin.
I think if I explain it to herand apologize, she'll understand.
Because she's so understanding?This is a teenage pop star.
Literally the two leastcompassionate entities
combined into the supernovaof not understanding
-that is Sextina Aquafina.-[elevator dings]
Ugh. So imagine my surprise
when I'm in the middle of a performancefor Gaddafi's cousin on his yacht
and I'm in a giant champagne flutesinging "Left Titty"
and everyone starts to lookat their phones and look at me,
because I am apparently aborting a babyI do not have.
So I had them turn their boat into a carand drive me here to fire someone.
-I think that's me.-Great. You're fired, Glasses.
[background] ♪ Sextina! ♪
I'll put out a statementexplaining the whole mess. I am so sorry.
Oh. Oh!
What "oh?" Who said you could "Oh?"
Taylor Swift just tweetedthat you were "brave."
Nicki Minaj tweeted at youa face with heart eyes.
And BuzzFeed just posted a listof top 15 celebrities
who should have had abortionslike Sextina.
-You're trending like crazy.-I'm trending?
Most women who go through thisnever talk about it
because it's so stigmatized.
The fact that you're coming out like thisis huge.
It would be, if you wereactually getting an abortion.
So what you're saying is,maybe I am getting an abortion?
Well, no, because you're not.
Yeah, but if you did,this would make you a cultural icon.
Glasses, you're un-fired.I'm getting an abortion.
-Well...-I gotta go on talk shows.
If I can make one womanfeel a little less alone,
then it's all worth it, right?
Yeah...
And if I can make a million womenbuy my album,
then it's definitely all worth it.
Um...
-Diane, take the yes.-Okay.
Sextina Aquafina, you are now the faceof the pro-choice movement.
-Now let's get you informed.-Hey! Uh, what?
[crowd chattering]
So, before the procedure,
you'll need to look at an ultrasoundand listen to the heartbeat.
Or heartbeats, if you're having a litter.
Why does she have to listento the heartbeat?
It's the law. Also, by law,I have to tell you that at one month,
your puppies have a favorite colorand that color may be blue.
-That can't be true.-By law, I have to tell you that.
Also, before your procedure,
you'll need to watch20 hours of cute puppy videos
as Sarah McLachlan's"I Will Remember You" plays softly.
Don't worry, Diane, I will watchthe cute puppy videos for you.
-It's a sacrifice I'm willing to make.-No, she has to watch the videos.
Don't worry, Diane, we will watchthe cute puppy videos together.
-No, she has to watch them alone.-Diane, I have some terrible news.
Tomorrow, our exclusive interviewwith the irrepressible provocateuse
Sextina Aquafina.
But first, one thing that isn'tbeing aborted: the road to Oscar.
Tonight, the Leonard Maltin Awards.
Handing out trophiesto all the performances this year
that Leonard Maltin thoughtwere pretty good.
And the Malty for Pretty Good Actorgoes to Bread Poot.
-[applause]-Whoo!
[screaming]
[sighing]
You need another drink?
Why? Because I lost, I'm a loser,so I have to drown my sorrows in scotch?
No, I just meant because of thirst.
I could use a scotch.
Oh, look. Jurj Clooners.
-[cameras clicking]-There he is, Jurj Clooners.
Hey, how are you? Thank you.
Jurj sucks.What does everyone love about him?
He's not a god.He's just an old guy who loves pranks.
Sure sounds like God.
-Jurj, hey, man.-BoJack, right?
Yeah, good to see you.
Hey, Jurj, my name's Todd,and my friend Keith sleeps on your couch.
Oh, you know Keith?Tell him to clean up his shit.
-[both laughing]-Oh.
That is so Keith.
Todd, why don't you do the grown-upsa favor and go find your own shadow?
It was here a second ago.
Jurj, I loved youin The Nazi Who Played Yahtzee.
How do you get in the headof a war criminal?
You know,I don't think of him as a war criminal.
I just think of him as a personwho had a funny accent.
Totally. I think I'm gettingthe hang of all this now.
You won last night, the other guywon tonight, maybe I'll win next time.
Yikes.Look, man, you're not gonna be next.
This will sound dumbcoming out of my mouth, but it's true.
So Jurj, Bread, Mitt, those are names.Like real names.
Lernernerner DiCarpricorn, that's a name.
-BoJack, not a name.-Huh.
I figured they would, like,tell you this stuff.
You're the Fifth Man. You get it, right?
-Well---Yeah, you get it. Put her there.
-[zapping]-Oh!
-Joy buzzer. You just got Jurjed!-[groaning]
All right, I'll see you later.
Vivica.Now I know why they call you A. Fox.
Excuse me, you gonna stay here long?
We got the OCD Image Awards tomorrow,
and those guys really likea clean afterparty.
[groaning]
So, let me get this straight, Sextina.
Someone put a baby in your bellyand now you're like,
"Awooga!Is there an undo button around here?
Leggo my preggo."
-Is that right?-That is exactly correct, A Ryan,
but I am very excited for this opportunityto put a face on this important issue.
One out of three womenwill have an abortion in her life.
That sounds crazy high to me,I don't buy it.
I wanted to destigmatize the experiencefor all women out there,
so I'm dropping a new single.
-What?- ♪ Surprise! ♪
-New single?-Just relax.
Crack an egg on your head,feel the yolk drip down.
America, get your uteruses turnt,
'cause this song is called"Get Dat Fetus Kill Dat Fetus."
Oh, dear.
♪ I'm a baby killerBaby killing makes me horny ♪
♪ Alien's inside meI'm gonna squash it like Sigourney ♪
No, stop.
♪ Get that fetus, kill that fetus ♪
♪ Brrap brrap pew pew... ♪
Christ, stop the tape.
Glasses, you did this.You empowered me to tell my story.
I think the tone might be a little severe?
Look, when you get an abortion,you can express yourself however you want,
but this is about my body and my choices,
and my choiceis to be a totally insane badass.
Ugh! I am getting an abortion.You're not even really pregnant.
So? This is show business."Brrap brrap. Pew pew."
"Brrap brrap. Pew pew."
A daring battle cry fromthe self-appointed New Voice of Choice.
But has the concept of womenhaving choices gone too far?
We've assembled this diverse panelof white men in bow ties
to talk about abortion. Gentlemen?
Tom, this is not just a woman's issue.
I'm a man, but if I got pregnant,
would I put my life on holdfor a child I didn't want? Yes, I would.
I can say that with confidence,
because I will never have to makethat decision, so I'm unbiased.
-Does this video glamorize abortion?-Very possibly, Tom.
Millennials today think everything is NBD.
NBD of course stands for No BD,referring to B.D. Wong,
who teens think is a very big deal.
So if something's not BD,it means it's not a big deal.
-These days, abortions are not BD.-Are abortions even necessary?
I heard a theory that if a womanreally has an unwanted pregnancy,
the body has a way to break the fetus downinto gas particles
and then she can just fart it out.
Where did you hear this intriguing"fart it out" theory?
-I don't remember. Maybe the Bible?-Thank you for clarifying.
Next up, Jurj Cloonersis making audiences cry
in his new film, but his latest prankmight make you... think?
[groaning]Jurj. He likes pranks, huh?
I'll prank him. I'll prank him real good.
We'll need to draw him out.What do A-list actors like?
Stretch limos? Nannies?
Flying their private jetsto disaster areas so they can "help out"?
Yeah, limos. We'll get a limo.
I'll need one of those caps,I'll be the driver.
I'll pick him up,and he'll be all like, "I'm Jurj, I suck,"
and then I'll be all, "Surprise,"and hit him with a bat.
Pranked!
It really doesn't seem like a prankas much as you hitting him with a bat.
Yeah, it's a bad prank on purposeto show how stupid pranks are.
-That's the point.-Is that the point?
I'm working on levels here, man.To the limousine repository.
[paparazzi yelling]
[with accent]Good afternoon, Mr. Clooners.
Hey, man, just one sec,my publicist is right behind me.
Of course. Bring the publicist.
-Oh, shit.-What's that, driver?
I said, "Auschwitz."You're the Nazi who played Yahtzee.
Right, well, anyway, we're goingto the AOL-Time-Warner-PepsiCo-Viacom
Halliburton-Skynet-Toyota-Trader Joe'sAuditorium
for the Image Choice Spirit Awards.
Uh... okay, yes, ma'am.Here I go. Driving, driving.
You don't need to talk,you can just drive.
Actually, can we make a couple stops?
I am totally out of toilet paper,so if you could find a Rite Aid.
You have to go in and buy the TP for me.I'll get mobbed by fans if I go in.
Just pick out somethingextra soft for my tushy.
-I don't know-Do as he says, driver.
-Chop chop.-Okay.
My concern is that you'reactually giving the pro-life movement
something to latch ontoas an example of--
Oh, my God, you are so boring.
Can I abort talking to you right now?Abort.
-You need to stop and think---Or what? You gonna sic Fido on me?
I am just here for emotional support.
Can you let it go?I don't want to have to ask you again.
I really think we have the chanceto say something here,
and all we're sayingis "Pshew pshew pow."
-What is that?-What are you doing?
That's the gun sounds, from the song.
Uh. Do you mean, "Brrap brrap pew pew"?
Yeah, that's what I did. "Pshow, kapow."
-That's not what a gun sounds like.-Prrow!
-Pshow, kapow!-Bop!
-Brrap brrap pew pew!-Ppew, ping!
Can everyone pleasestop making gun sounds?
It is really freaking me out.
My point is,everyone's listening to you now.
Soon people are gonna get boredand move onto the next thing
and you'll hate yourselfthat you weren't able to make a difference
when you had the chance.
Believe me,it happens sooner than you think.
Oh...
Hi. I'm A Ryan Sea--[screaming]
Okay, we're here, finally. Get out.
Ooh, can we make one more stop?
I just rememberedwe left my wife back at the house.
Can we go back? Pwease?
Driver? The man said, "Pwease."
That's it. Enough.I am not your driver. It is I, BoJack.
[gasping]BoJack? What are you doing?
I was gonna prank Jurjby hitting him with this bat,
but you got into the car because,apparently, you are a two-timing liar.
What's the thing with the bat?
BoJack, this is not a good look on you.
All this time,I thought you believed in me.
This is why your clients win every year.You represent everyone.
It has nothing to do with whetheryou're a good publicist or not.
I am a marvelous publicist.
Not to me. You're doing great workfor this asshole who loves pranks.
You're pranking him right now.
Yeah, with a bad prankto show how stupid pranks are.
Seems a little convoluted,
which is actually a trademarkof a great prank.
Well played, sir.
No, it's a bad prank.That's my point. Pranks are dumb.
We're late, and I won't keep goinground and round with you on this.
Publicists have many clients.
Not my publicist. You're fired.
Are you kidding?Who fires Ana Spanakopita?
I do. I just did.
[scoffing] Who's gonna set upyour press appearances?
Your hopeless agent? Your idiot sidekick?
Not your problem.Get the hell out of my limo.
'Cause I gotta pick upa bachelorette party in 30 minutes.
Sextina, welcome to the program.Can I get a "pew pew" for the fans?
-Tom, abortion is a very serious subject.-Yes, very serious, I agree.
I want to tell the real storyabout abortion,
show America what it's really about,
which is why your girl Sextina Aquafina
is gonna have her abortionlive on television.
What what?
Pay-per-view, chitches.
-What?-What?
"Pay-per-view, chitches."Brrap brrap, pew pew, ka-ching ka-ching.
How are you going to havean abortion on live TV
when you're not evenreally having an abortion?
-Duh, we'll just Argo that shit.-What does that mean?
Yeah, yeah. Fake abortion.Movie magic, like in Argo.
That is not what happened in Argo.
If we're gonna do this,we got to be real tasteful.
Yeah, only the best for my abortion.All class.
John Carpentercan do the practical effects.
-He owes me a favor.-What?
We'll book Eddie Redmayne as the fetus.
Are you hearing yourselves?
We're not going to fake an abortionon live TV.
Obviously, we'll pre-tape it.
Then put a little box in the cornerof the screen that says "Live."
You don't thinkthis is incredibly disrespectful
to the women who actually get abortions?
Not if we do it tasteful.
Diane, this is what the client wants.Stop making it about you.
I'm not making it about me.
-I am so tired of you creating problems.-I'm not--
I'm sorry you're so fertile
and in a sexually active,loving relationship
and now you don't want a family.
-I'm sure that's really hard for you.-What?
Uh... if this is not about me anymore,then I'mma go.
Y'all figure your shit outand get back at me.
Where's that ZZ Top mofo at?
Can a chitchget a parking validation or what?
Is there something you want to say to me?
[sighs]
I have given everything to get where I am,and I am not about to throw all that away.
She wants an abortion?I'm getting her an abortion.
-You know this is bullshit.-It's all bullshit, Diane.
That's the gig. And you're not good enoughat this job to be too good for this job.
I won't be a part of this.
[groaning]
Yo, Beardo, where did you go?
I need to get my parking validation did,or I cannot leave.
Y'all's trippin' if you thinkSextina Aquafina
is paying $15 for parking.
All right, new publicist.What do you got for me?
Secretariat was an athlete, right?And you used to be an athlete.
What? No, I didn't.
You didn't play baseball and football?Oh, um...
You know, I think I Googled the wrong guy.
-Did you think I was Bo Jackson?-This idea I know you're going to like.
You know that car wash on Alvarado?
They need someone to dress uplike a gorilla and spin a sign.
Why would I do that?
Anything that gets your faceout there, right?
How does it get my face out theredressed like a gorilla?
Maybe that one's a dud,
but hey, you think Lou Begaknocked it out of the park
with "Mambo Number One"?
-No, but he kept at it.-[groaning]
-[crowd chattering]-[babies crying]
I'm making things all about me?I'm the one who's having an abortion.
-It's ridiculous.-They're completely morally bankrupt.
I agree with you, 247 percent.
I just wrote "morally bankrupt"on this form.
You were right to do that.This form is being very nosy right now.
Why did I even take that job?
You were going through a rough time,Princess Carolyn wanted to help you
and she offered you the job.
Which she should not have done.So morally bankrupt.
Okay, yeah, that was nice.
But still,she is putting her company's bottom line
before the very real damagethat bottle-nosed maniac
is doing every timeshe gets on the news and--
[gasping]That's it, the news.
I gotta take the high road,go on the news and rat those suckers out.
Is that really a good idea?
It is if you think it is,
because I am here to support youno matter what,
but maybe it isn't the best idea?
Like, if that idea were a Dillon brothermaybe it's a Kevin, not a Matt?
Someone has to tell the worldthat Sextina is a total fraud.
[girl] You know Sextina Aquafina?
-Oh. Yeah, I mean, I work with her.-Oh. She is so cool.
Sextina's music makes me feel strong,like I can do anything.
It doesn't offend you?
What about the part where she says,
"I hope and pray to Godmy little fetus has a soul
'cause I want it to feel painwhen I eject it from my hole"?
It's a joke.You get that it's a joke, right?
Well, obviously.
Do you think she actually wantsto shoot her fetus with a gun?
-No, I get it.-Getting an abortion is scary.
With all the protesters out front,
how you have to listento the heartbeat and all that.
When you can joke about it,it makes it less scary, you know?
[sighing]Yeah.
[nurse]Diane?
Ana?
I won't be working with Jurj anymore.
I let him know this morning.
First he thought I was doinga really good prank,
but eventually I think he understood.
You dropped Jurj?
Jurj Clooners?Sexiest Man in America Jurj Clooners?
Jurj is easy. Everyone loves him.
I've got a master's degree in Publicist,it's time to put that to use.
I dropped all my other clients.You're the underdog.
I want to put all my attention on youand get you that Oscar.
So nobody else, huh? Good.
Just all your hopes and dreamspinned on me.
Somehow beating the odds
and winning the highest possible accoladein an actor's career.
-I know we can do it.-Just me, huh?
Wow, that's actually. That--
Is someone standing on my windpipe?
Let's just get Jurj on the phone so we--
No, BoJack. I believe in you, okay?
Okay.
Whoa, Ana, what are you--?
-Oh, boy.-Shh... It's okay.
-When you fired me, it was thrilling.-Oh. Ana...
Nobody talks to me like that.
It reminded me that I work for you,and I liked that.
Okay, but--
Do you like that?Being in control? Being the star?
Yes.
You're my star, BoJack. My shining star.
-But don't you ever...-Ow, too tight.
-...try to screw me again.-Ouch! Oh, please.
-Do you understand?-Yes. God, yes.
Good.
I'll see you tomorrow bright and early.You have my undivided attention now.
-Uh...-[door opens, closes]
[doctor]How are you feeling, Sextina?
[Sextina] A little queasybut on the whole, wonderful.
[doctor] Good. Now, I do accept tips.
-That was surprisingly tasteful.-And educational, right?
Yeah. Weirdly educational.
I actually learned a lot about abortion,and I just had an abortion.
-How are you feeling?-I feel shitty.
I mean, physically.
I'm glad I did it,but mostly I just felt old.
There were all these teenagers there.Twenty-somethings.
I know from the outside, it might seemlike I should be ready for kids,
but I can't--
Diane, you don't needto explain anything to anyone.
[phone buzzing]
-Sextina. Great job, we did it.-Yeah, so, little wrinkle.
I've been having a lot of sex, you know,
'cause I'm a sexual creatureand dolphins do have sex for pleasure.
I just found outI got knocked up for real.
-What?-And I think I want to keep it.
But that might be a little confusingto my fans,
since they just saw meget the old scoopity doopity?
Okay, we're gonna handle this.Meet us at the office in 20 minutes.
First thing is we gotta get herout of town before she starts to show.
Yeah, we'll send her to that farmwhere celebrities go to disappear,
where Chad Michael Murrayand Thora Birch went.
Film a bunch of music videos now,and then--
Release them over the next yearso it seems like she's still around.
Then when she comes back,we'll say she adopted a baby.
[Carolyn] People are going to love that.[Diane] Yeah. Everyone loves a baby.
♪ I'm a dolphin doll faceBitches in my crawlspace ♪
♪ Have abortions sometimes? ♪
♪ No, I'mma have abortions always ♪
♪ Get that fetus, kill that fetusGet that fetus, kill that fetus ♪
♪ Brrap brrap pew pewBrrap brrap pew pew ♪
♪ And sometimes I do have doubtsand its hard to sleep ♪
Tell it!
♪ I think about my child's heartbeatand oh, it makes me weep ♪
♪ I hope and pray to Godmy little fetus has a soul ♪
♪ Because I want it to feel painwhen I eject it from my hole ♪
Brrap brrap brrap brrap!
[dolphin squeaking]
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 3 ep. 7


















[groaning]
[mumbling]
[gagging]
-[voices overlapping]-[groaning]
Guys, I think we could useanother phone jack over here.
[phone ringing]
Cabracadabra.We wanna reach out and grab you.
-No, we're a cab company.-Can you toss me the thing?
[grunting]
-Sorry. The other thing.-[Todd] Okay. Watch the couch.
Hey. Goddammit!
-[yelling]-I apologize for... I understand.
Mind if I put you on hold one second?
Don't put me on hold.Do you know who I am?
I just won a Baby's Choice Award,the winner of which
has gone to take home the Oscarseven of the last 15 years.
So, yeah, that BoJack Horseman.
Otherwise known as the guy you keepsending your dumb newspaper to
even though I never subscribed to it.
I'm putting you on hold.
-[muttering]-[buzzing]
-We have a situation, sir.-Talk to me.
Guy's name is BoJack Horseman.He's pretty steamed.
I've tried everything, but we might needto bring the Closer in on this one.
Calm down. We can sort this outwithout having to get the Closer involved.
Did you offer 26 weeksat 50 percent off the newsstand price?
I went through the entire checklist, sir.Even offered him a free tote bag.
What kind of monster says noto a tote bag? Good work, rep.
You've done all that could beexpected of you. I'll take it from here.
Yeah, Got it. Right.I understand. I'll take it from here.
God help us...
Is what I'd say if we needed God's help.Fortunately, we got one better.
Morning. Good morning.How was your weekend? How are you?
Good work yesterday.Get out of my way, please.
[sighing]
We have a situation on line two.Name's Horseman. BoJack Horseman.
Thank you. I'll take it from here.
Hello, good morning, and I say thiswith 100 percent sincerity...
How can I help you?
[funky electronic music]
♪♪
I never subscribed to the L.A. Gazette.I do not read the L.A. Gazette.
I have called this number so many timesto stop sending it to me.
Yet every morning, I open my dooron a new edition of the L.A. Gazette.
It's like I'm in a boring episodeof The Twilight Zone.
Sir, we are going to unravel this mystery.
But before we dig in,is there anything I can get you?
A glass of ice water perhaps?
Yeah, sure, I'd love a glass of ice water.
Fabulous. Johnny will get that to youin three, two, one...
-[drone whirring]-Uh... huh.
I see you've been receivingour paper for six months,
but there's no record of youever registering a complaint.
From whence the hostility, counselor?
It wasn't a problem until recently,because up until a week ago
the boy who lives with me used the paperto make a giant paper-mâché Todd head.
-What was that?-I live with my best friend, Todd.
Good kid, but sometimeshe gets ideas to do things.
[groaning, screaming]
-Pretty scary, right?-Yes. What the hell is that?
Giant Todd Head, of course.
I've been working on himfor the last six months.
What? Why?
It all startedwhen a rustling from the kitchen
jostled me from tender slumber.
-[blinds rattling]-[panting]
Uh...
What was that?
[gasping]
If there's a ghost present,please do not scream
or have a skull face or be wearinga tattered white satin gown.
[gasping]
Someone or something is stealing our food.
I made a giant papier-mâché Todd headto scare it away. Think it'll work?
If I made a giant papier-mâché me head,would you stop eating my food?
You should take this seriously.We might have an infestation.
We do have an infestation, of Todds.Look at that, they're getting bigger.
And? Did the head help to ameliorateyour pest peccadillo?
No. Todd abandoned the project as soonas he started working on Cabracadabra.
-What's Cabracadabra?-That's what I said.
-What's Cabracadabra?-That's what I said.
-What's Cabracadabra?-That's what we want you to say.
If I didn't know any better,you were about to pitch an idea.
-We are about to pitch you an idea.-I did not know better.
Has this ever happened to you?Hey, where you headed?
Oh, yes. That happens to me all the time.
-We're not at the main part yet.-I'm so sorry. Please continue.
-To the opera, good sir.-Okay.
Am I watching to see if the whole thinghas happened to me?
-Or looking for one specific thing?-Kind of both.
So I just keep watching until I seesomething that has happened to me?
-Yes.-What if we get to the end,
none of it has ever happened to me?
Maybe just try to put yourselfin Emily's shoes right now.
Got it. Sorry for the interruption.Please continue.
-So, is this where you live?-Yes, it is.
-Alone or are you in a relationship?-This hardly seems appropriate.
Driver, you're startingto make me feel uncomfortable.
Yeah, Todd. What are you doing?
Has a creepy driverever given you his number
or told you that you reminded himof his dead girlfriend?
Or repeated your address slowly,like he was trying to memorize it?
-No, never.-Unfortunately, if you are a woman
all those thingswould happen to you every day.
That's right, Todd.According to my own research,
nine out of ten menare total dirtbag creeps, just the worst.
But what if there was a ride-share servicethat could guarantee
no creepy men driversbecause there are no men drivers at all?
What are you saying, robot drivers?
What if they become sentientand try to murder us, or unionize?
That could be a real headache.
No, not murderous robots. Women.
Todd, you have done it again.
Actually, Emily and Icame up with it together.
Todd and Emily,you've done it again for the first time.
And that's why we're setting up shopat your house.
Why does it have to be my house?
There's no roomat Mr. Peanutbutter's house.
It's full of spaghetti strainers.
-Why?-Who can recall?
I figure the longer they're there,the bigger the payoff.
And they've been sitting therefor months now.
So you can betthe payoff's going to be pretty huge.
[The Closer]So, why did you let them use your house?
Hey, Todd, where do you want this...?
[both]Uh...
[BoJack] I felt guilty.[The Closer] About what?
[BoJack] Todd had this old girlfriend.I met her a couple weeks back.
-Hey.-Hey.
-What are you still doing up?-I got thirsty.
Then you came to the right place.
Should we call Todd,see if he wants to join us?
I'm tired of trying to figure outwhat Todd wants.
And what do you want?
-I'll start with a whiskey.-My kind of girl.
-So then we had sex.-What? Why?
I was lonely? She was there?Why does anyone have sex with anyone?
Intimacy, affection, a deep needto connect to the world at large.
The same reasons three million peoplesubscribe to the L.A. Gazette.
-What?-I'm getting ahead of myself.
Please, continue your story.
[exhaling]
-You should go.-Yeah.
That was a mistake.
Agreed. A wonderful, sexy mistakefor you and a regular mistake for me.
No, it was a regular mistake for me, too.
-What are we gonna tell Todd?-Nothing, obviously.
-I don't want to hurt him.-Neither do I.
-That's why we won't tell him.-I feel like we should tell him.
That feeling is you selfishlytrying to assuage your guilt.
If you cared about Todd,you would keep this a secret forever.
I'm not good at lying.
Ask me if when I was a little girl,did I ever used to put a stuffed animal
in my underpantsand rock back and forth on it.
When you were a little girl,did you ever do that thing you said?
What? Get-- [stammers] No!
I think it's gonna be fine.Why would it even come up?
Not like there's any reasonthe three of us
would ever be in a room together again.
BoJack, you remember Emily, right?
-I've never seen you before in my life.-No.
-You don't remember BoJack?-Oh, yeah. BoJack.
What... why... What are you here?Why are you doing at Todd's house?
Todd's house? This is my house.
It's cool if we set up shop here, right?That's not gonna be weird?
What? Why would that be weird?
-What are you implying?-Nothing.
It's not weird for me either,if we're keeping track of weirdnesses.
-Okay, what is going on here?-Why would you? I don't even--
-Literally nothing going on.-No, something's going on.
I've got a nose for news.
In this case, Nu is the Greek letterrepresenting the variable
for "What Is Going On?"
So let's solve for Nu, shall we?
I think someone's not saying somethingto someone else about something.
-That's crazy.-I know what it is.
Cabracadabra's going to be huge.
No one wants to say it out loudbecause we're afraid we'll jinx it.
Yeah. That is exactly what it is.
Yes. Your stupid businessis gonna be very successful.
-Yes.-Glad that's out in the open.
We all know what everyone was thinking,we don't need to ask
any more questionsor do any wondering about mysteries.
Nope.
If you'll excuse me,I need to go watch a sport.
Great idea.
The worst part is things have actuallybeen going really well with Todd.
Our friendship is in a really good place.
Last week he said,
"Did you know the wiener dogis neither a wiener nor a dog?"
Instead of saying,"Shut up, Todd," I said, "Okay."
[The Closer] So, why did yousleep with Emily?
Do you think that part of you was gettinguncomfortable with that closeness?
You felt like you didn't deserveTodd's friendship
and you wanted to somehowexternalize that feeling into action?
No, man, I think I'm just a dumb asshole.Can't it just be that?
When you do bad things,
you have something you can point towhen people eventually leave you.
It's not you, you tell yourself,it's that bad thing you did.
Do you often keep people at arm's length?
Are you afraid of being knownand knowing others?
Yeah, you know, I think that you'redefinitely hitting on something real
that I would love to drill down into,
but I gotta goto this marketing meeting now.
Which is so annoyingbecause I totally want to keep talking
about that thing you're talking about.
But marketing meetings, right?
I mean, they're so important.Can I call you back tomorrow?
-Of course.-Great. Bye.
-So, how was your marketing meeting?-Weird.
-Sorry I'm late.-It's fine. We're just getting started.
I had the worst morning.
Hanging on every word. Don't tell us.
So I drove here, right?
I'm sitting at the entrance to the garagewhen I realize I don't have my key card.
I gotta drive all the way home to get it.
When I got there,I couldn't find it anywhere.
Suddenly, I remember:I put it in the glove compartment.
It was in my car the entire time.
Okay.
Because I was driving back and forthso much, I ran out of gas.
I pulled into a 76.
I was about to pump the gas,I realized I didn't have my credit card,
when I rememberedit was on my desk at home
because I used it to contribute tomy friend's dumb Kickstarter campaign.
Diane...
Have you donatedto Virginia's dumb Kickstarter yet?
-Oh, shit.-Throw her 50 bucks. You can afford it.
Yeah, but I don't like feelinglike I have to, Roxy.
Does the world needa stop-motion short film
about a pig who goes to circus school?
Think of it like you're doinga nice thing for your friend.
Mmm... okay.
I called a cab to take me hometo get my credit card.
Then back to the gas station, get my car,fill it up and come here.
So that's why I'm late.
-Why did you tell us that whole story?-I don't know.
-Why did you tell me that whole story?-I don't know.
Anyway, I had the ad agency whip upsome options for the new Secretariat ads.
Good news is the movieis killing out there. Everyone loves it.
If everyone loves it,why do we need a new ad campaign?
These arethe "For Your Consideration" ads.
They're a reminder to the Academy,"Have you considered this yet?"
The Academy doesn't alwaysconsider everything.
So they need constantconsideration reminders.
-That's very considerate.-This one tested the best.
That's a good one.The rest of these suck.
Dumb. Dumb. Stupid. Offensive.
Ugly. Boring. Typical. Stupid.
Bad. Hideous. Disgusting. Gross. Cliché.
-I am really good at this.-Huh.
-I kind of like this one.-How'd that piece of crap get in there?
We ruled that one out.
It's actually really powerful.
[The Closer] What spoke to youabout that particular ad?
[BoJack] I don't know.
All the pictures of me,they looked backwards.
When I looked at the mirror ad,I was seeing me as I see myself
and I thoughtthere was something beautiful about that.
Intimate, almost.
Of course you like this ad.When you look at it
you see Secretariat, I see an old turtle.
"Hello, old turtle. Are you Secretariat?No? You're just some old turtle?
-What the hell? You've aged terribly."-But you've got the heart of a champion.
I got a team of cardiologists at Cedarswho say different.
Isn't that the point of the movie,that anybody could be Secretariat?
The point of the movie is to makea lot of money and win awards.
If anyone who looks at this adis Secretariat,
why should you win the Oscar?
He's right, BoJack. Why don't youleave this to the experts, okay?
-Yes. You're a star.-[moaning]
[The Closer]So, you also had sex with your publicist?
[BoJack] Yeah, couple times.We have a very complicated relationship.
It's complicated.
If our relationship was a Meryl Streepmovie, it would be Doubt.
Don't forget, you have Ellen tomorrow.
Don't wear that sweater I hate.
Yes. You're in charge.
Okay, you know, I gotta sayI don't feel like I'm in charge.
If you're gonna throw a tantrum,forget the whole thing.
I'm not throwing a tantrum-- Why are wehaving sex in my car?
-Can we at least go back to your place?-No, BoJack.
I don't know where you live.
You control every part of my life,I don't know anything about you.
[scoffs]
-You don't want to know me, BoJack.-No, I do.
-I want to be known and know others.-You don't.
I know you and I know what you want.This is exactly what you want.
[The Closer]What do you think she meant by that?
Better question:Why am I still getting the L.A. Gazette?
Do you think getting the paper every dayis a reminder of Todd's papier-mâché head?
The project he abandonedto make time for the old girlfriend
you spent an intimate night with?
Could that be why you wantto cancel your subscription?
No. I want to cancel my subscriptionbecause newspapers are dumb.
I feel I'm very clear on this point.
Every morning,someone knocks on my door and says,
"Throw away this garbage for me."
So you don't feel any guiltabout your tryst with Emily?
Well, I have had trouble sleeping.
[Emily and Todd laughing]
[Todd] You're silly.[Emily] No, you're silly.
Oh, God.
-Okay, your turn, truth or dare.-Truth.
What is the worst recent thing you didto someone who cared about you?
-The worst thing? Or the most recent?-Both.
Can you keep it down, please?Some people are trying to sleep.
-We are keeping it down.-We've been really quiet.
-You're basically shouting.-Sorry.
-Do you want me to whisper? Like this?-Yeah, we can be real whispery.
No, because then I'll hear the"psst, psst, psst."
And I'll be up all nightwondering what you're talking about.
-Uh, what would we be talking about?-Yeah, BoJack.
What would we be talking about?
I don't know. Dumb stuff.
Forget it. Can't sleep here.I'm gonna go sleep in my boat.
[sighing]
-Freeze, candy ass.-[gasping]
-Character Actress Margo Mart--?-I said, "Freeze."
[The Closer] Hold on. Are you telling meesteemed character actress
and fugitive from the law Margo Martindalehas been living in your boat?
Is this one of those situations whereeverything we discuss is confidential,
due to customerservice rep-client privilege?
Of course.
Then yes,Margo Martindale is living in my boat.
-How long have you been in here?-Well, after the incident in Yorba Linda.
[yelling]
-[moaning]-Eh...
Well, Margo, old gal,
looks like you've bought yourselfanother day of freedom.
But at what cost?
I knew I had to lay low.Go off the grid, disappear.
I know what "lay low" means.
So, I disappeared for a little bit.
Mm-hmm.
Somewhere I knew I had no chanceof being discovered--
regional theater.
I did a run at the La Jolla Playhousein an obscure Tennessee Williams play.
I have ambition, sir.
Dreams that don't incorporatethe concerns of cynics like you.
Cynic.Always laughing that terrible laugh.
-Ramona...-Well, go ahead and laugh.
Laugh your life away. I can laugh, too.
[laughing]
Ramona, I'm telling you...
[wailing]
She's dead.
[applause]
I was good. Too good.
The San Diego Union-Tribunecalled me, "A talent to watch."
I knew I had to get out of there.
And you've been living here ever since?
That's right. I also did an arcon The Good Wife.
-Other than that, laying low.-The Good Wife?
How did you go on a nationally broadcastTV show with no one catching you?
I disappeared into the role, BoJack.It's called acting. Try it sometime.
And you're the onewho's been stealing our food.
You already know too much.
Smoke bomb.Hi-yah!
-Why did you throw a plum on the floor?-Thought it was a smoke bomb.
Where are my smoke bombs?
I'm gonna go sleep by the pool.
-Hey. BoJack's back.-Yup.
My two favorite peoplein a room together with me.
-You bet.-Isn't this great, BoJack?
-The three of us under one roof?-Yeah.
It's like Three Men and a Baby.
But there's only two men,and the baby's a lady.
-[laughing]-Uh-huh.
[yawning]
[chattering]
[sighing]
[The Closer]With all this turmoil and upheaval,
sure would be nice to havesomething you can depend on.
Something that arrives every dayat your doorstep,
with a robust arts section.
Let me tell you somethingabout the L.A. Gazette.
I don't think you finished the storyabout your publicist.
What happened when you told heryou wanted to know her?
Oh, right. Well...
If we're gonna work togetherand also have weird kinky car sex,
I wanna know something about you.
What do you wanna know?
I was married once.I have a son I'm not allowed to see.
-My favorite fruit is honeydew.-Gross, is that true?
Does it matter?
Listen, I've beenwith guys like you before,
and I know this thing works betterif we keep a little distance.
And...[grunting]
-[groaning] Well, that worked.-Okay, we're done. I'll see you tomorrow.
[The Closer]So, that's how you left things?
[BoJack] That's how she left things.But then I followed her home.
[The Closer]You did what?
[BoJack] She lives in thistiny apartment in the Valley.
I could see her through the windowand I just watched her being... normal.
Oh![sighing]
[The Closer]There's something very intimate
about watching a person be herself.
[BoJack] But it wasn't good intimate,like when you see your mom cry.
It was bad intimate,
like when your dad writes a poemabout Lena Horne's nipples,
makes you read it out loudso he can hear if it scans.
[The Closer] She warned youthat you wouldn't want to know her.
[BoJack] Yeah. She was right.
It's so sad that when you see someoneas they really are, it ruins them.
-Do you have someone you can talk to?-About what?
These feelings you have,your self-destructive behavior.
You know that old jokeabout how many psychiatrists
does it take to screw in a light bulb?The answer is just one,
but the light bulb has to want to change?
-I don't know that joke.-That's it. That's the whole joke.
The light bulb has to want to change.
[laughing]Yeah. Psychiatrists are idiots.
That's actually not the point of the joke.
-Hey. I need to talk to you.-What the... I'm on the phone.
I got nominated for the Craig Noel Awardfrom the San Diego Theatre Critics Circle.
Oh, it's too much heat.
I'm taking your boat outto international waters.
You never saw me.
On the phone.
I don't want to talk to anybody.
What I want is to have controlover my own life.
[engine starting]
Which is why I'm begging you
to please cancel my deliveryof the L.A. Gazette.
-I don't think you want to do that.-I promise you I do.
No, because that's just theater.
It allows you to think you're in control,but the whole idea of control is a myth.
The universe is a wild beast.
You can't tame it.All you can do is try to live inside it.
Live inside the beast?That's a mixed metaphor.
-But... you're right.-Great.
I'm going to sign you upfor another six months.
Since you've been such a sport,I'm throwing in a tote bag.
Thanks.You've given me a lot to think about.
Okay, so I'm a passenger.
Remember the three D's:drive safely, drive efficiently,
and don't harass the passenger.
-Todd, can I talk to you for a second?-Sure. Driver, pull over, please.
-[imitating car braking]-[imitating opening door]
-Can I talk to you alone?-Of course.
Driver, put up the partition, please.
[imitating partition whirring]
I've been thinking,and you should do this without me.
What? But the whole pointis we're doing it together.
But you don't need me anymore.
You have a whole team of coders,
and I don't think that I can workin this house.
-What's wrong with the house?-Todd, I just--
-I need to go.-[imitating opening door]
I don't understand.
Did I do somethingto make you feel uncomfortable?
No. You are great. It's me and... BoJack.
BoJack? [sighing]What did he do this time?
I don't thinkI've been a very good friend to you.
Things happened and...
I don't think BoJack's beena very good friend to you either.
-Oh, okay.-You should buy me out of the company.
No, no, no, keep your share.
Who knows?It might be worth something someday.
You're sweet, Todd.
You shouldn't waste that on peoplewho don't deserve it.
Hey, you want this plum?I found it in the kitchen.
Sure.
-[smoke bomb fizzing]-[both] Whoa!
[coughing]
Weird plum.
[knocking on door]
How did you know where I live?
-Ana...-You need to leave.
No, I know that it's excitingto remain mysterious and in control,
but control is a myth.
That's a conclusionI came to recently by myself.
I can't do this now.
I don't want to go home tonight.I want to sleep in your bed,
I wanna see whatyou look like waking up.
You are a beautiful,sexy, fascinating, terrifying woman.
And I want to know you.I'm not afraid of that.
And you don't have to be, either.
Okay.
And I want to go with the mirror adsfor Secretariat.
-BoJack, no, listen.-Ana.
This is my campaign,I know what I'm doing.
Call up Turteltaub and tell himI won't be pushed around on this.
I'm the star and what I say goes.
Okay.
[cars honking]
[Ana] Hmm...
[Carolyn] It kind of just looks likea billboard for the sky.
-I didn't think this part through.-No kidding.
The sky is Secretariat? The skywants you to nominate it for an Oscar?
It is eerily beautiful.
Like an art piecethat resists interpretation.
Oh, good. Yeah. Wouldn't want the adfor my movie to be interpretable.
If you stand where I'm standing,
you see a reflectionof the KIIS-FM billboard.
Beautiful. So we spent half a milliondollars on an Oscar campaign for KIIS-FM.
I'd hate to drive here at rush hour.
When the sun goes downand hits that billboard,
that's gonna--That's gonna be a real problem.
Well, the good news isBoJack got what he wanted.
-[sighing]-[bird screeching]
[all gasping]
Ugh.
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
- ♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪- ♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 3 ep. 8 


















When you two first came into my office,
I was like,"This marriage is not going to last."
But you've really put the work in.I deem your marriage fixed.
Thanks, Dr. Janet.
We couldn't have done this without youand your many novelty certificates.
Well, this has certainly been a big yearfor the Rabitowitz marriage.
It certainly has.
But now it's New Year's Eve and, Katie,my New Year's resolution to you
is to spend more timewith my wonderful wife, who I--
- [cell phone rings]- I gotta take this.
-Oh, um, but---Hello.
Hey, partner, big news. Huge news.
I'm all ears.
The Flight of the Pegasusjust lost their lead.
They start shooting next week.
So what you're telling me is David Pincherneeds a new star immediately
for his three-picture young adultdystopian future franchise?
Yup. What's that I hear?
Beep beep.Someone's calling on the other line.
That's strange. Hello?
It's Oodles of Money calling.Will we accept the charges?
Why would Oodles of Moneybe calling collect?
I don't know. Don't accept the charges,we cannot afford it.
I gotta go in. I'm sorry.
Okay. But make sureyou're back before, you know.
Deal. Best deal I ever made.[kisses]
Boom!What's black and white and sexy all over?
Chuff Hollister.
He's young, he's hot,he's Australian or British or whatever.
We can paint over his stripesso he looks like a horse.
I can see the headline now:Chuff Hollister is...
The next Pegasus.
BoJack's got star power and gritup the wazoo. I can't imagine...
Anyone who would appealto the audience more than Chuff.
He's got sex appeal...
- Gravitas...- Youth...
- Experience...- And abs coming out of the wazoo.
And what a wazoo it is.
- This would put Gekko-Rabitowitz--- On the map.
The map of profitable agencies, that is.
Perfect, because without itwe could be in--
Real trouble. We did not hitour projected earnings for the year.
The year's not over yet.We still have one day to go all out.
Rutabaga, do you thinkwe have the spunk and moxie--
That's a good namefor a lady detective series.
--required to pull this offand save the agency?
Hell yeah, I do.
That would be a great titlefor a movie about marrying Satan.
How are we losing money?
Vanessa, we're getting Chuff this partand coming out on top.
I know we will,because we're the good guys.
[funky electronic music]
♪♪
Suck a duck a duck a dick, dumbshit.
- Hey, Sarah Lynn.- Hey, loser.
Did you get a callabout that Ethan Around thing?
- You're not gonna do it, are you?- I'm sorry, what thing?
Ethan Around, the Horsin' Aroundsequel series Brad's trying to get made?
He called to ask me, I asked him,can you put a bullet in my brain?
That would probably bea better career move.
Wait, slow down.Did you say Ethan Around?
I know.It should be Sabrina Around, right?
That's a show people would watch.
Sabrina doing cool skateboard tricksand eating kettle corn.
Hold on, if this was a real thing,why would Brad call you and not me?
Who knows?Why do people do anything?
Why did I make the cartoon tree grandmafrom Pocahontas my emergency contact?
Are you sure this whole thingisn't just a semi-lucid fever dream
from mixing the wrong pills?
Did you not hear?I'm clean and sober, eight months.
Really? That's incredible.
Yeah, I wanted a change in my life.
Because I heardif you stop doing drugs for a while,
the first time you do them again,it's amazing.
-What? No, just stay sober.-Ugh!
Whatever.Call me when you're ready to party.
- [tires screech]- [crashes]
[horn honks]
Well, that's troubling.
Can you believe they're doinga Horsin' Around reboot without me?
What do you care?You're about to be nominated for an Oscar.
Not the point. This is about respect.
BoJack, is this really a good idea?
[phone rings]
Tools. Brad speaking.
You're doing a new showin the extended Horsin' Around
cinematic universe and you didn't call me?
Hey, BoJack.Ethan Around is just an idea I had.
It's not officially happening or anything.
I would love for you to be part of it,but the horse died in the series finale.
So? We could write around that.The Horse dying was just a dream.
The Horse had a twin brother,comes back as a ghost.
Ethan missed the Horse so muchhe built a robot Horse as a tribute.
"I've heard of overloaded motherboards,but this is ridiculous."
Those are off the top of my head,they're all gold.
I'm surprised you're so into the idea.
I've been having troublegetting networks on the phone,
but with a big star like you attached,we could sell this right away.
I wouldn't say I'm attached...
Don't move.I'm getting the next flight down to LA.
- Right now?- And purchased.
BoJack, for the last 20 years
I've been telling peopleI didn't need the trappings of fame,
that I was better off,happy with my little B-plus life
at my little B-plus hardware storein little B-plus Olympia, Washington.
B-minus children. But it's a lie.
I miss the warmth of the spotlighton my face.
The thrill of telling a jokeand feeling it land.
Is that a thrill you experienced?
The sitcom stage is my home,and I'm tired of denying myself that.
I'm ready to come home.
Great.
-Why did you let me call him?-Ugh.
Ah, smell that Labrador Peninsula air.Keep an eye out for my brother.
- How will I know which one's him?- He's the one that looks like me.
- Got it.- [ringtone] Who's that dog? Mister P--
- Hello?- Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.
Is this an okay time to talk business?
Yeah, I'm just waitingfor Captain Peanutbutter.
What is that, like, a cereal?
No, my brother.
- He's picking us up at the airport.- Nice.
Speaking of driving people places,
Cabracadabrahad a killer holiday season
and I think New Year'sis going to be even bigger.
I'm loving that segue, Todd.You are a conversational Magellan.
Turns out there's a huge demandfor a safe space for women. Who knew?
Honestly, never would've crossed my mind.
So I was thinking, what's the next step?
What if we made our safe spacefor women...
[crashes]
...also available to men?
That's an untapped market.
All right, then it's agreed.
No goodbye?
He's a conversational Amelia Earhart.
Mr. Peanutbutter andCaptain Peanutbutter in the same room?
What is this, a flashback episode?
Captain Peanutbutter, you old so-and-so.
- Get over here.- [Diane] Careful.
[both laugh]
Where's Mrs. Captain Peanutbutter?
She's in Alaska running the Iditarod.She sends her love.
And this noogie.
Whoo!
Diane, this is my big brother.
Big brother? I'm five minutes older.
And you always will be.
It's nice to meet you, Captain.
Hey, put that thing away.You're family.
- [growls]- [Diane] Oh!
So David Pincher is about to shootthe Flight of the Pegasus trilogy
in New Zealand,and BoJack is perfect for the lead.
A part like that would really underline
that BoJack's more than just an actor,he's a movie star.
If I'm doing that,I conveniently won't be able
to do that dumbassEthan Around show.
Use that when you tell him I won't do it.
Why don't you tell himyou don't want to do it?
I can't. I'm like a father figure to him--
I slept with his mother.
- Gross.- No.
I slept with her 20 years ago.She was young then, not gross.
Ugh!
Hey, loved you inThe Caveman's Valentine.
- Hmm?- Nothing? The Caveman's Valentine?
Samuel L. Jackson had that big beard?Look it up.
- When you start laughing, call me.- Will do.
Do we have an offeron the Pegasus movie?
I'll get it, Kalamata.Don't get your pita in a wad.
Wow. Flight of the Pegasus.
This must bewhat Robert Downey Jr. felt like
when he woke up on thatstranger's bathroom floor
and found out he was gonna be Iron Man.
[man on radio] It's another unseasonablywarm day in the Labrador Peninsula
and things are looking sunnyall the way to the new year.
It really is true what they say...
[both] Nothing bad ever happenson the Labrador Peninsula.
Oh, paradise.
[children laugh]
Uncle Mister. Uncle Mister.
Now who let these little monstersonto my peninsula?
We're your nephews.
What? I don't remember my nephewsbeing made out of candy.
- Gobble, gobble, gobble.- [all laugh]
Look at those children.Little miracles, right?
They're adorable, not thatI value them based on their looks.
Because, of course,
children in society todayare often reduced to their cuteness.
I can't wait to getto know your children as people,
so I can specificallycompliment them individually
on the foundation of their characters.
Well, one day they'll die, just like us.
Uh...
- Do you believe in the soul?- What?
Life is the most precious resourcewe have. Remember that, Diane.
Okay.
[laughs] Pretty great, right?
Did you tell your brotherabout the A-B-O-R-T-I-O-N?
The audition?No, I could never tell him about that.
He thinks I'm offer-only,it would break his heart.
Wait, what audition?
- No, the abortion.- Oh, no. Should I have?
He said some weird stuff to me earlier.
The kind of stuff you'd hearin a sad Creed song.
Or a happy Elliott Smith song.
Oh, he's probably just razzing ya,but he's a good dog. All bark, no bite.
Sorry, that's a Labrador expression.I guess in human terms it would be:
He's all talk, and no shooting youwith an assault rifle.
Is that what you think humans do?
Am I wrong?
[Rutabaga] Boom! This is David Pincher.
And this is everyone who works for him.
Now unfortunately for us,
everyone on this boardmust really like their boss's movies,
because for the holidays,they're all Gone Girl.
Thank you, except for her. Boom.
The assistant to David Pincher'scasting director.
Wait a second, I know that face.Why does she look so familiar?
- Oh, fish.- Oh, fish.
So when I found outthat the best assistant I ever had
was working for David Pincher,
I mean, what are the odds?
Did he hire you because of your cutelittle Benjamin Button-nose?
I'll put in a good word for BoJack,but I'm just an assistant.
Just an assistant?Laura, assistants are everything.
You're the first people in,the last people out.
You know everyone's real name, age,nose, teeth, and tits.
You have power, because in today's economythe only true power is information.
I want you to use that power.
I want you to get your bossto pick BoJack as his Pegasus.
I always believed in you, Laura.
The question is:do you believe in yourself?
Wow, that's--I'm sorry, did you just make that up?
Because that was--Is that a speech you had ready to go?
- Will you do this for me?- Of course.
You went to bat for me when I triedto get a promotion at Vigor.
I pushed so hard for you.I did everything I could.
I mean, we gals gotta look outfor each other. Right?
Right.
[thunder cracks]
So you're talking about a merger?
Since my dad croakedI've been running Vigor myself,
and I've been doing a pretty good job,A-minus/B-plus.
But I could use a few more experiencedhands to help guide the ship,
- because being a boss is really hard.- Yes.
Princess Carolyn can be a proud woman.I'm glad you came to me first.
I would have gone to her directly,
but sometimes she yells at meand I do not like being yelled at
and that is just something that peopleneed to understand about me.
I'll talk to her, when the time is right.
[groans]
[thunder]
So on the new show Ethan is the dad,and he's raising three little horses.
You couldn't have told methis over the phone?
This show is going to change my life.
I'm taking the kids out of schooland moving everyone down here.
I just had an offer acceptedon a house in Sherman Oaks.
As long as I don't change my mindbefore the new year, boom.
Two million dollars, gone.
- The new year? That's tonight.- I know.
Did you talk to my agentby any chance?
- No.- She didn't call you?
I talked to her, and I don't knowif she wants me to do it.
You know how agents are.
Just remember,I'm not the bad guy here.
I hear you loud and clear.
Don't worry.We won't take no for an answer.
I think my schedule's gonna be tough--Might be going to New Zealand.
We'll work around your schedule.
Those bastards got my quoteso damn high.
We'll pay it.No obstacle is insurmountable.
- As long as you want to do it.- And I do want to do it.
Get me out of this thing.
This asshole's giving me everythingI ask for. What a nightmare.
- Tell him you don't want to do the show.- I can't. It would destroy him.
Destroying people is what I pay you to do,
so I don't think about the peopleI'm destroying.
Do you not know what an agent is?
- [knocking]- [Ethan] BoJack, are you okay in there?
Is it number one or number two?
That cat's running circles around us.What are we going to do?
Maybe we can distract her?I'm thinking laser pointer.
If we're going to beat her,we need to think like her.
Instead of convincing the Pegasuspeople they don't want BoJack,
what if we convince BoJackhe doesn't want Pegasus?
Fantastic. How do we do that?
Kelsey.
Kelsey? That's what I said whenthey said you wanted to meet with me.
I figured you never wantedto see me again.
I never want to see anyone again,
but there's a book I've been tryingto turn into a movie and I need your help.
It's a coming-of-age storyabout a girl who likes jellybeans.
The option expires tonight at midnight,
unless I can find a big enough starto secure funding.
Frankly, I already gave up on it.
Then my agent said,"Maybe BoJack's interested."
So the reasonyou think I'm right for the role
is because I'm a big enough starto secure funding?
Don't get smart, BoJack.You're not good at it.
You're really giving the hard sell here.
I hear they've got you locked into some fantasy dystopia thing.
Are you just gonna do stupid bullshitfor the rest of your life?
For work or, like, in general?
I saw something in you,something most people don't know you have,
and it kills me that insteadof sharing it with the world,
you want to hide it under somewonderland unicorn nonsense.
It's a Pegasus. Unicorns are for babies.
The movie I want to makeisn't glamorous or sexy.
You don't get to be the big heroeverybody loves.
You get to be a guywho works at a gas station,
who gets in a fight with his daughterabout jellybeans.
That's the whole movie.It's small and it's real.
And you'd get to workwith a director who sees you.
And I can't sell it any better than that.
You're right, that one scenewe shot that didn't even make it
into the Secretariat moviewas the best thing I ever did.
Why am I wasting my timewith this other stuff?
- So you're in?- Let's do it.
Great. How's your little friendwith the face?
Is he up to his old tricks,getting into scrapes?
[laughs] What a little scamp.Will you tell him I said hi?
Kelsey's movie sounds perfect.
Is it the nobody's-gonna-see-it elementor the fact you'll be working for peanuts?
This jellybean thing could show the worldthat BoJack's more than just a movie star.
- He's an actor.- Yeah, well, that's great,
but I've been working all dayon getting him the Pegasus movie
you said would show the worldhe's a movie star.
I don't want that anymore.I want to do something real.
You realize how much moneywe'd be walking away from?
This isn't about money.Doesn't matter to me.
- Yeah, it doesn't matter to you.- Right. So what's the problem?
Maybe you can find a wayfor BoJack to do both?
You're supposed to bethis amazing agent, after all.
I'll see what I can do.
New beers for the new year's?
We got a regularMaya Angelou over here.
Good times.
- [cell phone rings]-- Oh, it's Todd. Gotta take this.
- Maybe you can call him back later?- Todd!
Don't be too long,or I'm gonna drink all your beer.
[sighs]Diane, do you ever look up at the stars
and feel likethey're tiny holes in the sky,
sucking out all the oxygen,and suddenly you can't breathe
because you're thinking about how smallyou are and how meaningless it all is?
Uh... I guess.
It's so cruel to let people love you.
All you're doing is promisingyou'll one day break their hearts.
Cool fire pit.
So it turns out men love safe spacesfor women even more than women do.
You gotta read some of these comments.Queefburglar69 says:
"These sexy lady chauffeursalways get me where I need to go."
That's unambiguous.
The only problem is some of the drivershave been complaining
about the new customer base.
The workers are allowed to complain?We gotta tighten up that ship.
Most of the new passengersare perfect gentlemen,
but we've found that a growing numberare rating our drivers
not on performance but on "bangability",
which creates an unfair advantagefor our "bangable" drivers
and creates what someof our more homely employees
have dubbed a hostile sexy-ocracy.Whoa!
Well, our first priority is creatinga safe space for women,
so if our womendon't feel safe in that space,
we should replace themwith women who do.
Where can we find women who arecomfortable around gentlemen?
I know. A gentleman's club.
That's perfect.
To Whale World.
Well, you didn't hear it from me,
but I pulled some strings and you're in.
I always knew you were a superstar.
Let's get drinks in the new year
and work out the deets--That's a fast way of saying details
for people who don't have timefor every detail of the word details.
Vanessa Gekko on line two.
Great, put that raggedy-ass bitch on.
I'm gonna bat her aroundlike a ball of foil.
I know you're excited, but we are stillin a very precarious position,
and I wonder if foil-ball-battingis the best tack here.
Judah, this is where I live.Watch and learn.
Hey, we heard BoJack and Kelseyhad a great meeting on Jelly Belle.
Gotta tie this up tonightif it's going to happen.
BoJack would love to do the movie,
but you're gonna have to workaround his Pegasus schedule.
Oh, um... That might be tricky.
Then you're gonna have to matchhis Pegasus quote.
- He won't do it for a penny less.- Princess Carolyn--
Even with a star like BoJack,Kelsey can't get that kind of money.
Well, then, work around his schedule.
You're overplaying your hand, PC,and I'm calling your bluff.
I'm barreling towards you fast, Gekko,and this Mack truck ain't gonna blink.
That's not fair. I was clearlyestablishing a poker metaphor,
you just changed it to a game of chicken.
My court. My rules.
Court? What game are you playing?
Bye.
- Damn it!- Question:
Am I the faulty bike tire pumpI had in seventh grade?
Because I just blew this thing wide open.
- Talk to me, soldier.- I have been scouring old emails.
I didn't know what I was looking for.I knew there was something.
And I found it. Bam!
[gasps] Hot shit on a ham sandwich,this is amazing!
[ringtone]
Sweet crap on a croissant,Katie's going into labor!
Go, I'll take care of this.Family comes first.
Thank you. You make me stronger.
[dance music plays]
Why is my house filled with sexy orcas?
It's the Cabracadabra New Year's party.These are our drivers.
Oh. Uh, where's Emily?
She left.She said she didn't feel comfortable here.
She certainly didn't feel comfortablepaying for the food she ate.
Yeah, okay, BoJack.
[doorbell rings]
I got champagne for my real friends,'cause that's what you are.
- A real friend.- He doesn't want to do your show.
- What?- BoJack is about to win an Oscar.
Why do you think he would wantto do your soon-to-fail sitcom
about the further adventuresof a carb-faced nobody?
- Oh, maybe--- You are not a television star.
You have no talent and I am forgettingyour face even as I'm looking at it.
Pack your bags.Go back to Nowheresville.
Thank you for the champagne.Best regards, Ana Spanakopita.
Oh, God, the house!I gotta pull my deposit! Pick up--
Oh, no. I dropped my phone in a bog.
Something is going on with your brother.You need to talk to him.
We don't really have the kind ofrelationship where we talk about things.
Labs prefer to keep things playful.
You know what they say about dogs?Talking to each other is rrruff.
I'm serious, Mr. Peanutbutter.
And I'm serious that you should drop it.
If something was really wrong,he would tell me about it.
Would he?
I know he's your brother,but he's hiding something from you.
Why do you think you know my brotherbetter than I do?
Just because you have a shittyrelationship with your family
doesn't mean every other familyhas to have drama too.
I wanted to come up hereand have a nice time.
This place is an escape for me.
- Okay, I'm sorry, I just--- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I should not have shouted at you.I just...
I need to go for a walk.
- Oh, hey.- Hey, is there something going on?
Because I know there isn't,but if there is, you would tell me, right?
But there's nothing to tell,
because nothing bad ever happenson the Labrador Peninsula.
- Okay, I think you should sit down.- Why?
- I need to talk to you. Sit down.- I will not sit down.
- Mr. Peanutbutter, sit.- Okay.
- I got a twisted spleen.- No.
It's not fatal, necessarily.Everything's gonna be fine.
They still have to run some tests.
- But it's going to be fine?- Yeah.
Promise me it's going to be fine?You're my big brother.
That means you can't lie to me about this.
Mr. Peanutbutter, you are the bestrunt of the litter a guy could ask for.
No, don't do this.
- But there might come a time...- Please.
...when you're goingto have to be the captain.
[sighs]
What is this, a very special episode?
[both laugh]
[both howl]
[howling continues]
What? What do you mean?What happened?
It's a no-go on BoJack for Pegasus.
I don't understand, Laura. I...
I just wanted you to know.I did everything I could.
- Hey.- [Kelsey] Look...
If you didn't wanna do my movie,you should have just told me.
I do want to do your movie.
Oh, yeah? Why did your agentkeep demanding more money?
- What?- The option's expired and I'm screwed.
Ugh! Why did I get my hopes up?Why do I keep letting you get my hopes up?
Kelsey, this is a mistake.
It's a mistake I keep making.Next time, BoJack?
Do a girl a favor,don't break her heart by inches.
Do it all at once.It'll save everyone some time.
Huh?
[crowd] Ten, nine, eight...
Oh, good, you're still here.
I wanted to get a head starton the 2016 budget.
It'll be a challenge, but assumingBoJack books Pegasus--
BoJack didn't book Pegasus.
- So he's doing the jellybean movie?- That fell apart, too.
We're gonna have to cut some costs.
Our social media divisionis a luxury we can no longer afford.
If things don't perk up the first quarter,we might be looking at broader layoffs.
- Do you ever read a room?- I'm sorry, is this a bad time?
Is midnight on New Year's a bad time?I don't know.
Why don't you run that throughyour robot analysis protocol?
Get back to meonce you've assessed the data.
I am not a robot. I am a human being.
You want to make some cuts?Why don't you cut that stupid beard?
Everyone who walks in here thinksthis place is run by a homeless person.
I apologize if my appearanceor demeanor is unprofessional.
[sighs] No, you're perfect.Everybody's perfect except for me.
Go home, Judah.
- Would you like me to shave the beard?- Just go home, Judah.
Happy New Year, Princess Carolyn.
[cell phone rings]
[sighs]
[whimpers]
Hello, little ones. Mama loves you.
And you. And you. And you.
- They're so beautiful.- And you, and you, and you.
- Rutabaga, we got it.- Yeah?
Chuff Hollister is the new Pegasus.We saved the agency.
- That's incredible, honey.- Wow, everything worked out.
You gotta love a happy ending.
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
- ♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪- ♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 3 ep. 9
















- [sighs]- [cell phone rings]
BoJack! Beautiful day, huh?
Perfect day to go outside,not read the trades
or talk to anyone in the industryor watch entertainment television
or have a gut feeling about the ratingsfor your television show last night.
- Princess Carolyn, I'm dying.- You read the trades.
My heart is in my stomach,my stomach is in my butt,
and my butt ran away with the spoon.
That makes sensebecause your butt is quite a dish.
Can you come over? I need you.
[sighs]
What the...?
I ordered a few feel better pizzasto feel better. It did not work.
Then I sprinkled happy pills on them,and washed it all down
with a "Please, God, make my pain go away"vermouth and ice cream float.
- Somehow I feel worse.- That's a real mystery.
My show was terrible.Why did I insist on a mockumentary format?
It's already an overused trope now,in 2007.
Mockumentary is not a trope,it's a device for storytelling.
And your show is daring and cutting edge.People just aren't ready.
Yeah, people! It's not me.
It's the people that are the problem!
Everyone's dumb and I am great.Why do I always forget that?
That's the spirit.
I'm starting to think this show isthe best thing that happened to me.
- Really?- Yeah.
It made me realize you're the best thingthat happened to me,
with your sexy cat eyesand your cute little hair curl.
You look like a soft servestrawberry ice cream.
BoJack, we can't. I'm your agent.
You are so much more than that.You're my lighthouse, my Garmin.
You're the little plastic tablethey put in pizza boxes
to keep the pizza from getting smushed.
You're Princess Carolyn.
[both moan]
Don't you break my heart,BoJack Horseman.
- What?- What? Nothing.
- Did you just say something to me?- No, I was just being wistful, I guess.
Well, can you be wistful a little quieter?
- Not everyone is interested in your wist.- Okay, BoJack.
- You smell nice.- Thanks, BoJack.
[Carolyn laughs]
Okay, gotta go. I'm about to meetmy most important client.
- I know you're not really on the phone.- Bye, Mr. President.
Give my love to your basketball friends.You too.
Should we get dinner,or are you just thinking drinks?
- I'm not planning on staying long.- Okay.
I'm glad you wanted to meet,because I am so pumped to tell you
all about the exciting projectsI'm lining up for you.
That won't be necessary.
Once you get your Oscar nom,we'll have our pick. That's the key.
You think Halle Berrywould've been offered Catwoman
if she wasn't an Oscar winner?
We just gotta find you your Catwoman.
I'm not sure if a Catwoman
is really the best thingfor my career right now.
Right, well, like I said,we are getting lots of offers.
Listen, Princess Carolyn--
Signore Horseman!Principessa Carolina!
Sandro, how you doing,you handsome devil?
To be honest I am, how you say,sweating bull's nets.
- You mean sweating bullets?- I don't think so.
Sweating bullets.How does that make the sense?
How does sweating bull's netsmake sense?
I don't want to be caught in bull's nets.He may try to kiss me.
I prefer kissing cows. No judgment,just a preference. I love kissing cows!
Don't tell my wife. I'm kidding!
She knows. She's a cow!
And I only kiss her.[laughs]
Okay, very good.
Haven't you lived in America for 30 years?
Ignore him. Why are yousweating bullets and/or nets?
Because there is a restaurant critichere tonight.
Very interesting.
Critics are the worst.That's my review of critics.
Two thumbs down! Four percent fresh!
One star! You all eat a flat butt!
Did you not know there was a critic here?You own this place.
I never see you do anythingto help run it.
This place runs itself. Right, Sandro?
My wife and children and therapy manmay not agree so much,
but if you say so, Signore Horseman.
Even his wife and kidsand therapy man agree.
Well, as the Black Guy Pete say,"Tonight's gonna be a good night."
Please. Enjoy.
I know you're not happy aboutwhat happened with the Kelsey project.
I pushed a little too hard to get youthe money you deserve.
What can I say? Sometimes I'm too goodof an agent, so deals fall apart.
That's a thing that happenswhen agents are really good.
- That's not--- Moving forward!
I know you're not happywith how I handled Ethan Around.
- Or didn't handle it.- Bygones!
It was because I was busygetting you the Pegasus movie,
which I know you did not get,but trust me,
you'll see not getting these movies wasthe best thing that ever happened to you.
Onwards and upwards!Tally ho! To the stars!
Okay, you're forcing me to use the cards.
"Princess Carolyn, clear throat,I have been very disappointed--"
Ring! Hello, Your Highness.
It's a king, I have to take this.In the bathroom.
Oh, fish, oh, fish!
[woman] Who's out there?Are you talking to me?
No.[sighs]
All right, Pink Lady, think.
- [woman] Are you talking to me?- Are you a pink lady?
[woman] I was a Pink Lady in my highschool's production of Grease.
- Were you Rizzo?- [woman] No, Jan.
Then don't waste my time.
Now, let us bow our heads and bray.
[all bray]
[grunts]
[whispers]
Yes, right away!
So back to what you were--
- Oh, my goodness, what is this?- Yeah, what is this?
Happy 23 years working together
- Join me- Oh, my God.
- Twenty-two-three, 23 years- Twenty-three years
You're making this up.
Happy 23 years working togetherCan you believe this?
- Two plus three equals 23- This is just stream of consciousness.
Twenty-three years working together!
Twenty-three years
Okay, cool.
Can you believe it, BoJack?It's been almost a quarter of a century.
Talking on the phonepretty much every day,
sharing our deepest dreams and secrets,
being there for each otherthrough all of it, bosom friends,
Anne of Green Gables style.
Let's toast to another 23 years.What do you say?
- You're fired.- Uh-- Oh.
I can't believe this. You're firing me?
- Me?- What? No.
You have no idea,everything I do around here!
- Half the kitchen staff is my family.- No.
- Honestly, just--- I detest you!
I hope you rot in the hell!
- We're headed down a road that--- You washed-up has-been no-good joke!
You are the opposite of an onion,
because if I cut you, I am no gonna cry.
Well, now you are fired.
Good luck finding another charmingfirst-generation Italian immigrant
with this kind of darling accent,who makes equally delightful malapropisms!
You, sir, have just cut off your nose
and thrown Sprite in your face!
I am a classic stereotypethat is tough to come by nowadays,
because Italians don't emigrateso much to America no more.
Botticelli, Barbarelli, Beetle Bailey!
Modigliani, Masaccio, Marmaduke!
Avanti, all of you! Andiamo!
[laughs nervously]
So that was weird, huh?
Please stop looking at me.
Too bad about Sandro, huh?
You're the one who's fired, obviously.
Right.
Ryan Murphy is doing a re-imaginingof The Life and Times of Harriet Tubman.
But in this version, she's a tub-man,
with the comparative strengthand agility of a tub!
- PC.- He's looking for someone
to play the UndergroundRailroad conductor.
Great, but you don't represent me anymore.
Okay, I get it. I'm fired.
You're gonna spend a couple of daysbeing mad at me,
then I'll get you another gig, and you'llbe my client again, just like every time.
Can we get past the partwhere you're mad at me
and get to the part whereyou're stealing General Lee's plutonium
to fuel your subterraneansteam-punk slave-tram?
"It's best, for both of us,
if we end this relationshiponce and for all."
I'm sorry I screwed up,you don't have to read off the--
"You take me for granted, made decisionsthat were against my wishes,
and worst of allshe's got my globes a-warming!"
- How did that get in there?- What is that?
A punch line to a jokefrom the roast of January Jones.
- A global warming joke?- It's an important issue. Here we go.
"Our relationship no longer has any--"
"January has only gotten hotter and hot--"Nope.
- Were you at the roast of January Jones?- No, but I wrote some jokes
in case someone got sickand they needed a backup.
Do you even know January Jones?Why would they call you?
I guess I thought that my agent couldget me in the mix if Jason Sudeikis--
How did these get out of order?
So in the joke,are the globes your balls?
And they get warmwhen you see January Jones?
Is that how balls work?
I don't know. It's a work in progress.
Professional integrity!
"Our relationship no longerhas any professional integrity.
So it's gotta end. Stand to leave."
Shouldn't have read that part.
"When you reflect on this,you'll see it's best for us.
Exit restaurant." Goddamn it.
Wow, that was--I don't know what that was.
Hey! Where are you going?
- Who gave you this idea? Spanakopita?- This has nothing to do with Ana.
Here you go, sir.
- I'll get it!- You two are b'thumping.
Now you do whatever she says?
- Is that what's happening?- No.
No, you're not b'thumping or no,you're not doing whatever she says?
- I'm not doing whatever she says.- So you are b'thumping.
I understand from context what you mean,but there's no way b'thumping is a thing.
I'll get it!
You don't have to do everythingyour little falafel pocket tells you to.
- You screwed up!- Once! In 23 years!
I'll get 'em.
All these years I carried you,when no one wanted to work with you.
I still managed to get you jobs.
And then you would flake,or sabotage them,
or get wrapped up in some crisisor emergency or vague sadness.
Everyone told me to dump you--my bosses, film execs, directors,
they all told me you were washed up,a nobody, a has-been,
- a joke, too portly for TV.- Too portly for TV? Who said that?
- It doesn't matter.- It does. Who said it?
- Luis Guzman.- Luis Guzman said I'm too portly for TV?
You're right, BoJack.This is for the best.
I no longer have to lug your talentless,self-centered, self-sabotaging,
dead-weight carcassof faded talent around my neck.
- Hey.- Thank you for firing me.
I'm gonna go pour myselfa little celebratory potato juice,
because this is the best goddamnthing that's ever happened to me.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
[groans]
Ha ha! I'll get it.
You do not talk to me like thatand walk away.
Oh, no? What's happening?
This is so weird. I'm walking away,even though you told me not to.
Right, I don't work for you anymore.
- Hey!- Excuse me, Mr. Horseman?
- Not now.- We have a slight problem in the kitchen.
- Where is everybody?- That's the problem. They all quit.
The kitchen's backed up with orders.No one's getting food.
And the critic is growing very impatient.
Writing that down...
- Just do what you normally do.- But there's no chef.
Tonight's your lucky night.You just got promoted.
But I don't want to be a chef.I want to sing
Kidding. I'm actually just happybeing a waiter. I'm not my job.
- A lot of people think that--- You're the chef! Start cheffing!
Oh.
What? Fifty teeth?Get out of here. Let me see.
Would you look at that.
You're thrilledto have me out of your life?
- I was such a burden all those years.- Can I close my mouth now?
- Know what I think?- Don't wanna hear it.
You like being there to rescue me.
- I close my mouth, okay?- Nobody cares!
- Okay--- Nope, I'm still counting.
You like it when I'm a mess.
Because it makes you feel goodabout yourself.
Guess what? I never asked for that.
You ask all the time.
You have never not been asking meto rescue you.
"Princess Carolyn, help me!
I slept with the gaffer's wifeand now he's not lighting me properly.
Princess Carolyn, I threw upon Elle Fanning in a bounce house.
Princess Carolyn,why am I such a big stupid asshole?"
Okay, great, more abuse.Right on schedule.
Oh, that's abuse?
"BoJack, you're sucha big, stupid asshole.
BoJack, why were you evenin the bounce house, dummy?
BoJack, you wasted my thirties!"
I never said you wasted my thirties.
Didn't have to, you're always saying it.
And I don't like being around you,because I feel bad.
You make me feel bad.
So this isn't about me being a bad agent.
It's about a lot of things.
- Where are you going?- Away.
Hey, listen, man.
I don't wanna get in the middle of this,it's none of my business,
but I just have to sayI love that sweater.
- Can you give it to me?- What? No.
I held my mouth open a really long time.
- What does that have to do--?- You're not being fair,
to me or Princess Katniss.
- Who?- Your friend.
You've forgotten her already?Typical BoSchwack.
That's enough out of you.
It's all right,you're gonna get through this.
- You're gonna get through this.- [woman] Are you okay?
Are you okay?You've been in there a long time.
[woman] I left for a while and came back.
Just so you know,this wasn't an easy decision.
- This is the ladies' room!- [woman] What's going on out there?
Are you watching a movie?
I agonized over this. Ask Ana.
- So you did talk about it with Ana.- Yeah. I respect her opinion.
[shouts]
Paws not claws! Paws not claws!
God, you're strong.
[BoJack groans]
This is exactly the kind ofunprofessionalism I'm talking about.
- You want to talk about professionalism?- Yes, I do.
But not here.
You say you want professionalism?Bullshit.
You want a mommyyou can slide your dick in.
I can want thatand also want professionalism.
A sex-mommy who keeps her boundaries,is that too much to ask?
Is there a single womanyou've worked with
who you haven't triedto groggily thrust yourself into?
Is it any wonderI don't want to be around you?
All you do is tell meI'm a terrible person.
Please, you're sucha self-pitying masochist,
I could say ten nice thingsand one mean thing,
you would only hear the one mean thing.
I'd love itif you said ten nice things to me.
- I can say nice things.- Ready when you are.
Does self-pitying masochist count,or are we starting from scratch?
Okay, one-- I'm freezing my whiskers off.
- You have a natural charisma.- You hesitated, that means it's a lie.
Two, you are loved by millions.
That's not a compliment.So is Kim Jong Un and Teri Hatcher.
I got this. I got this.
Pre-heat oven?Where's the pre-heat button?
Excuse me? Waiter?
Where are my family'sdouble-fudge cheese pies?
I'm not your waiter anymore.I'm the chef.
- Then who's our waiter?- You're the waiter now.
I can't be a waiter.
I have a very importantbusiness meeting tomorrow.
You get someone else to do it.I'm the chef and whatever I say goes!
Okay. Who gets thesesoy balls and onion cubes?
Table eight.Deliver those soy balls, soldier.
You got it, boss.
Number six.You know how to make me laugh.
So I'm a clown to you?Like Joe Pesci in Home Alone?
[laughs] You recognizeyou're being impossible, right?
- I don't know how you put up with me.- I didn't put up with you.
I liked being with you.And I don't regret it.
I don't regret the trip to the Bahamas.
Or the bracelet you bought mefor my 38th birthday.
Or when my dad died
and you came to the funeralwith me and held my hand.
I'm doing this for both of us.You understand?
- Did you ever love me? At all?- I don't-- I'm not--
You know that I don't dothe whole love thing.
Either you end up hurting someoneor they hurt you. So, what's the point?
Yeah.
This sucks.
I did this to myself. I do this to myself.
- Why do I do this to myself?- I don't know.
Maybe if you're good at putting out fires,
you just run from fire to fireand don't really think about--
[screams]
Oh, God, I don't wanna be a chef!I want to be not on fire!
- We gotta put out that fire!- I hate Mondays!
I figured out how to pre-heat the oven.
This night has been a disaster.
The good news is I got my kidto prep my important meeting at work.
The bad news isall the customers went home.
They didn't like the screaming
and felt like their foodwas a little too "on fire".
- It's called a char, dumbshits.- The critic's still here.
Oh, oh, oh!
She still wants her mushroom risotto.
I don't know how to make risotto.
I know how.
What are you doing? No, go home.
You're right. What am I doing?
All right.
Good luck.
Keep driving, keep driving
Girl, don't turn that car around
Break your patternOf needing to fix other people
Just keep on driving away...
KEEP DRIVING
Who do they write these songs for?
Don't go back to the restaurant,Princess Carolyn
Just keep driving away
Goddamn it.
How should I know?Do I look like an expert in cooking oils?
We have to choose!We're running out of time.
- Olive. You wanna use olive oil.- What are you doing?
Let me do this.You'll burn the place to the ground.
Fine. This isn't one of those thingswhere you save my ass
so I feel obligated to give youyour job back.
I know you have no senseof obligation to me.
Ooh, slam. I'm sorry,I'd rather not get involved.
Can I get you some more water?
You look lovely. It's a great blouse.
Mom, I wanna go home.
This is a very important nightfor the restaurant.
How are we coming on the sales meeting?Did you get the big conference room?
Winslow wants the big conference roomfor his presentation to corporate.
You get back on that phoneand you get me that big room.
Okay, Mom.
The secret is stirring continuously.
Right, so that's the secret.
I'm gonna go roll some more soy balls.
- Thanks for your help.- Sure.
How do you know how to do this?
Mom was a live-in maid for a rich family.
She had a little troublebending her elbow too much.
Unless I wanted us to be on the street,I had to cover for her, a lot.
That rich family loved Italian foodand champagne fountains.
And cocaine. And private jets.And screaming at each other.
"Who threw my cocainein the champagne fountain?"
- So standard rich people stuff?- I guess.
- How come you never told me that?- I did.
It's okay. I knowyou never remember anything.
That's not true.I remember the first time we met.
I went to see Marv. You wereat the desk in front of his office.
I thought you were cute and you said,"It's good to see you again."
- So I guess we'd met before.- That was the third time we met.
The first time was when I was an intern.I delivered a script to your house.
You were passed out in the yard,covered in tapioca pudding.
I hosed you down, dragged you inside,covered you with a blanket.
- Really? I don't remember that.- Shocker.
So you've gone from daughter of a maidto head of your own company.
The company's not doing so hot.
- Don't try to guilt me.- It's not your fault.
Turns out being an agent and runningan agency are two different skills.
It's like asking a really delicious tomatoto make you a tomato sandwich.
How's a tomato gonna make youa sandwich? He's got no arms.
You'll figure it out. Princess Carolynalways lands on her feet.
But I don't even know why I'm doing it.Does any of it matter?
Why are you an agent at allif it makes you so miserable?
Because I'm good at it.
I mean, stuff hasn't been hitting lately.But, usually, I'm really good at it.
Just 'cause you're good at somethingdoesn't mean you have to do it.
I'm good at driving sober,but I don't relish the opportunity.
But what else would I do?Who else would I be?
I do love you, by the way.
I mean, as muchas I'm capable of loving anyone.
Which is never enough. I'm sorry.
Ta-da!
Well, it is truly...
how should I put this? Wonderful.
So you'll give Elefante a good review?
No, I can't do that.I waited over two hours to be served.
The ambience was terrible.You two were screaming all night.
At one point, a waiterran through the restaurant on fire.
Unfortunately,you will be receiving my lowest rating:
four hundred and twelve stars,out of a possible a billion.
A billion stars?
Yes, that's the rubric I use onSamanthaGoesToRestaurants.tumblr.com.
Oh, God, get out.
I assure you the animated GIFs
with which I describe this encountershall be scathing.
Mom! I just touched basewith Rooney, re: Winslow.
He's out, we're in.The conference room is ours.
Perfect! This is the meetingwhere we finally convince the big boys
to let us get babies addicted to vaping!
Yes! Corporation!
[all cheer]
- How about a drink?- I could drink.
I don't think I can. I'm heading out.
I got pretty badly burnt earlierand in a lot of pain.
I should probably go to the ER.Have a great night.
[groans]
What's the second time we met?
- A taping of Horsin' Around.- Which episode?
The one where Olivia put too muchdetergent in the washing machine.
Oh, yeah.Nancy Reagan was the guest star.
That womanwas the real actor in the family.
I had just started working for Marv.I went backstage to introduce myself.
And then what happened?
You told me you were too tiredpretending to be nice all night,
and to leave you alone.
I'm a real jerk, huh?
Yeah, but you're honest,straightforward,
not fake niceand don't beat around the bush.
Your heart is tender,so you protect it from people,
but sometimes you open up a walland it's incredible.
You're doing the best you can,considering your asshole parents.
You have great taste in art,
and that pink spoton your nose is just adorable.
How many nice things was that,about ten?
- Just about.- Okay, one more.
You let me help you tonightbecause you knew I needed it.
You did it for me,which was very sweet.
Thanks. You're a good friend to me.
- BoJack...- Yeah?
Are we friends?
Yeah. I mean, I think we are.
Or I think we can be.
Okay, then as a friend, I'm asking you...
Please don't leave me.
- Princess Carolyn--- Please.
I can turn this around,I just need more time.
We're in a fragile period,still finding our feet.
Just give me six monthsand then you can go.
I promise,I'll never ask anything from you again,
but please, give me six months.
Sorry, I left my coat here.
[whistles]
[waiter] I got it.
So? What do you think?
No.




Season 3 ep. 10 


















[female announcer]Ladies and gentlemen,
to announcethis year's Oscar nominees...
Mr. Peanutbutter!
Mr. Peanutbutter!
Mr. Peanutbutter?
Hello! Here I am, Mr. Peanutbutter.
That's my name and I am here.
Okay, the nominees.Nominees for Oscar.
Who are the nominees?
Well, as I used to sayon Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities:
What Do They Know?Do They Know Things? Let's Find Out,
let's find out.
For Best Actor, the nominees are:
Jurj Cloonersfor The Nazi Who Played Yahtzee.
Bread Poot for City of AIDS.
Colin Firth for First Things Firth:
The Colin Firth Story.
Michael Fassbender for...I want to say Bill Gates?
And BoJack Horseman for Secretariat.
Whoa.
BoJack, you just got nominatedfor an Oscar.
You're an Oscar nominee.How do you feel?
[chuckles]I feel...
I-I feel...
I feel...
the same.
[funky electronic music]
♪♪
It happened again. Why do I keepthinking things will make me happy?
-What is wrong with me?-BoJack, don't do this.
-Don't fetishize your own sadness.-Uh... Oh, God, I'm drowning.
-I feel like I'm drowning.-BoJack, listen.
When I was 17,I snuck out to a fraternity party.
The roads were icyand I swerved into the lake.
I came to underwater.
It was dark and cold,and I didn't even know which way was up.
I thought for sure I was going to drown.
And then... I noticed...
when I opened my mouth,the air bubbles floated up,
and that's how I knewwhich way to swim.
That is a terrifying story.
BoJack, when you find yourself lostand disoriented and underwater
and you don't know which way is up,
it's important to breathe.
I don't deserve this.I'm not a best actor.
Awards aren't about who's best, BoJack.
That's literally the only thingthey're about.
No. All this means is thatyou're one of the special people.
I saw it the first time I met you.You must have known it all your life.
And all your life, people told youthat you were wrong,
that you weren't special,that you were just like everybody else.
But now, the special people are saying,"You were right, BoJack. You were right."
I was right.I am one of the special people.
-Yes.-What are we doing just sitting here?
I just got nominated for an Oscar.
We gotta party like it's 1982,the year Prince released 1999.
[dance music playing]
[man]Whoo-hoo!
♪ Go, go, go... ♪
[music stops]
-[music resumes]-[people cheering]
[doorbell rings]
BoJack, your complimentary Rolex is here.
[doorbell rings]
BoJack, giant chocolate Oscar's here.
Famous DJ David Gu-etta is at the door.
Free Tesla's here, Boj. They want to knowif they can park it in your driveway.
-[music stops]-No.
Tell them I want my free Tesla parkedin my goddamn living room. I'm BoJack!
-[music resumes]-[people cheering]
Yeah, now we're doing it!Look at us partying.
[doorbell rings]
BoJack, you got another delivery.Someone sent a... nerd?
Hi.
You get a loadof this chili cheese fountain?
-Grab a handful of beans and go to town.-Hey, this is all really something.
But I actually just camebecause I heard about the nomination
and I wanted to make sure you're okay.
That's a funny wayof saying congratulations.
But not funny "ha-ha",more like funny Doonesbury.
I know how this kind of thingcan sometimes send you spinning.
"Oh, God, why doesn't this make me happy?Will anything make me happy?
I'm an empty husk." That kind of thing.
Well, thank you for that,but I'm actually doing great.
I direct your attention tothe aforementioned chili cheese fountain!
It's too bad I'm not managingyour social campaign anymore,
because this party would makea great Snapchat story.
You are not gonna make me guiltyabout leaving Princess Carolyn.
I'm not here to make you feel guilty.Like I said--
Honestly, I don't even knowwhat you're doing over there.
-Tweeting for celebrities?-Well, actually, I don't--
When I met you, you wereso cool and interesting--
Uh, I was never cool.
You used to actually care about shit.What happened?
I don't know, BoJack.Maybe caring about shit got old.
Maybe I'm tired of everyone yelling at meand sending death threats to my house,
and all my friends thinking I'm annoying,and getting in fights with my husband,
and seeing little refugee boysdie in hospital bombings.
It's exhausting and I can't do it.If that makes me a bad person,
then I'm sorry that I'm notthe "cool, interesting girl."
I never said you were a bad person.I just said it's not you.
And you know it's not you.
Oh, and this party is you?Who are all these people?
-These are my friends.-Name one of them.
-Tes-ley.-You're just looking at the Tesla.
I don't know why it's so hard for youto believe that I could be happy.
I'm not like you, okay?
-I don't fetishize my own sadness.-I don't fetishize my own sadness.
-Sure.-You don't know anything about me.
[BoJack]Hey!
I know that you can tweet for a living
in a house in Beverly Hillsthat your husband bought,
or you can think you're betterthan everyone, but you can't do both.
-I don't think I'm better than everyone.-And again, I say, sure.
You know what's gonna happen?
You're gonna win that Oscar,and you're gonna go up on that stage
and give your little speech,and then you're gonna go home.
And you're gonna be so miserable,you'll want to kill yourself.
And you're gonna have nobody leftto stop you.
-Hey, it's BoJack!-[all cheering]
[chanting]BoJack! BoJack!
No one's gonna be therewhen I kill myself?
-Listen to that chanting, Diane.-[all chanting]
The chanting don't lie.
There's going to be plentyof people around when I kill myself.
[all]BoJack!
Tell your readersthat BoJack was sleeping.
He didn't even knowthey were announced today.
Okay. Goodbye, Heather.
-Hey, Ana, can I ask you something?-Of course, darling.
-So, if I win the Oscar---"When" you win the Oscar.
Right. But after that,what's gonna happen to us?
-What do you mean?-What we have.
It's more thanjust an Oscar campaign, right?
-I need to go.-What?
There's work to be done.
We got the nomination,but now, the real battle begins.
Enjoy your party.Stop worrying about the future.
-[dance music playing]-[people cheering]
[horn honking repeatedly]
[tires squealing]
Come on, buddy! Come on!
-[blowing]-[coughing]
-Mr. Peanutbutter!-Thank God you're okay.
Better than okay. I'm wonderful.
Thanks to you, you wonderful man.
When you said my name this morning,you changed my life.
-About that---Hey, did you see Erica here?
She was looking for you earlier,with her good eye.
Her other eye was looking to the stars.
-BoJack, I need to talk to you.-Yeah? What's going on, buddy?
Well, I've got good newsand I've got bad news.
[cawing]
[coughing, clears throat]
Raven on a wire.A gloomy portent, precariously perched.
And, as the sun sets,so does it spread its deathly shadow
across the just and unjustof the outdoor seating area
of the California Pizza Kitchen.
Mm-hmm! And what better wayto view such disquieting omens
than through these gorgeousfloor-to-ceiling windows?
Yeah. Wow! They really makeregular windows look like shit.
I can't look out the windowwhile lying on the floor?
-No, thank you, regular window!-Tell me a little about your company.
Well, it started as a safe spacefor women.
Ooh!
Then, it became a safe spacefor women and men.
Oh!
Now, it's moreof a safe-ish space for women...
Mm-hmm.
...and a really safe spacefor men to look at women...
I hear you.
...while also being driven around by them.
-Wow! Something for everyone.-Demand is skyrocketing.
That's why we need a bigger office space.
You come to work, clock in,
you put sugar in your coffee,
and watch it slowly disappearinto nothingness.
But the sugar doesn't know why.Sugar didn't ask to be born.
Is he okay?
He recently found outthat his brother's sick.
Oh. I'm so sorry,but you know what else is sick?
-These hardwood floors.-Ooh!
Did you hear that, Mr. Peanutbutter?
[sighs]
Losing BoJack was a blow.There's no way to sugarcoat it,
even if I were generally goodat sugarcoating things, which I'm not.
[sighs] You know, I wishcats really did have nine lives.
It would make me feel betterabout how much I'm screwing up this one.
You're not screwing up your life.
Sometimes I feel like,if I could start everything over,
knowing what I know now,I'd do it all right this time.
But other times I think...[sighs]
No, I wouldn't.
As you all know, things have been rough,
and, unfortunately,we have to scale back our staff.
-Mainly, you.-Are you firing me?
In a sense, yes.
But, in another sense,I'm promoting you
to a position of finding a jobsomewhere else.
Yeah. I don't think I ever thanked youfor giving me this job in the first place.
It was an honor to work with you.
You were the worst social mediacoordinator this company ever had.
Are you sure you need surgery?Can't you get a second opinion?
Second opinion? You knowthere's only one doctor on the Peninsula.
I could ask him twiceif it'd make you feel better.
Nothing could make mefeel better right now.
Not even an amazing career opportunity.Hold on, I'm getting another call.
I've got to take this. It could bean amazing career opportunity. Hello?
[German accent]Mr. Peanutbutter, this is Shep Von Trapp,
awards show producer,
with a career opportunity
that is... good.
This isn't a great time, Shep.Could you call back?
Absolutely... not.
The Oscar nomination announcementis in seven days and we don't have a host.
Sadly, Jimmy Fallon just broke his face.
What? Halloween in January?
What a crazy concept! I can't believe it!
I mean, what is this?Barry Gibb would be like...
♪ I'm going in! ♪
No. First, I gotta get a selfiewith this thing.
- I'm Jimmy Fallon---[horn honking]
Und you are our first choice
after our first "first choice"got hit by a bus.
You're our second "first choice."What do you say?
Ooh, a job like that? You wanta fully present presenter to present.
And I don't knowif I've got the pep in my step
to take that showwhere it needs to go, you know?
I've got a real pepless step, Shep.
Okay, well, let me know,because if you don't want to do it,
we'll probably just post the listof nominees online or something.
It's really not that big of a deal.
Hey, sorry about that.Just got a call from the Oscars.
-They want me to host---They want you to host the Oscars?
Nomination announcement.
But I don't thinkI have it in me right now.
Are you kidding?You gotta take that gig.
-Really?-Mr. Peanutbutter...
what did Nana Peanutbutter always say?
[both] "Always take every opportunitythat comes your way
because opportunitiesare like sneezes from God,
and when God sneezes,you can't say 'God bless you' to God,
so instead you haveto take the opportunity.
I'm cold. Will you pass me that blanket?"
Boy, that old gal had somethingfor everything, didn't she?
I know you're worried about me,
but sitting around the house worryingisn't going to help anyone.
Okay, but you'll call mewhen you get out of the surgery, right?
I'm not gonna let my phone leave my sight.
Of course. And now,I've got something new to live for.
My little brother, telling the whole worldwho got an Oscar!
Nomination.
We are minutes away.Shep, release the envelope.
Copy that. Releasing the envelope.
It's go time.
It's go time.
-Are you ready, Brother Pricewater?-Of course, Brother Housecoopers.
Mr. Peanutbutter,we'd like to invite you to the stage.
It's here! The golden envelope.
-Hmm...-Herr Peanutbutter?
Okay. Oh, my phone.What should I do with it, Todd?
-Maybe you should hold it.-Uh-huh.
-No, I'll take it with me.-All right.
-No, you hold it.-Sure thing, yeah.
-No, put it in my jacket pocket.-Right here. Okay.
Oh, no, it's a fake pocket.Tricked again!
-[ringtone playing]-Todd, it's ringing. This is it.
Oh, no, my phone!
Oh, no, I kicked it, right throughthat doorway into the hallway!
Now, other people are kicking itand it's sliding across the floor!
-Okay, this is getting absurd.-Let's get that phone!
Mr. Peanutbutter,you have been invited to the stage!
[funk music playing]♪ Mr. Peanutbutter's House ♪
-♪ Who's that dog? ♪-Don't sweep-- Oh!
♪ Knick-knack, paddy-whackGive a dog a bone ♪
-Excuse me!-Hey!
♪ Mr. Peanutbutter ♪
-♪ Trying to catch a... ♪-Oh, there it goes. Oh!
Sorry. If you could just-- My phone!
[Todd]I'm coming to get you!
-♪ He's a dirty dog ♪-[both scream]
-♪ He's just trying to do his job ♪-No, no, no!
-That way!-[dog howling]
Come on, phone. Just stop!
-♪ Who's that dog? ♪-♪ Mr. Peanutbutter ♪
♪ Knick-knack, paddy-whackGive a dog a bone ♪
[sighs]
[ringtone playing]♪ Who's that dog? ♪
-Hello?-Mr. Peanutbutter.
I just, um... I wanted to give youa chance to say goodbye...
-Oh, no.-...to my twisted spleen.
Because it was successfully removedfrom my body!
Oh, my God, that's incredible!
Now, get out thereand announce those Oscars!
Nominations. You got it, buddy.
Okay. Now, where's the... the...
Uh-oh. Could've sworn it was right here.
-Oh!-[panting]
Oh! There you are.You need to get on stage.
Yes, just as soon as you give me thatbackup envelope, please and por favor.
What back-up envelope?There is no back-up envelope.
That was a test and you passed.
Wunderbar.Now, let's get you out there.
Yes, gotta get out there, on to the stage,to announce the nominations.
Just as soon as I--Oh, my God, is that Bradley Cooper?
Bradley Cooper?We love him for some reason.
-Where?-Let's go, Todd.
-Oh, God, what do we do?-It's okay.
We just need to come upwith all the nominees ourselves.
But I haven't even seen all the movies.
Todd, nobody has.That's not how they give out awards.
-But---Time for talk is over.
Now's the time for action.
And by "action," I meantalking about these 24 categories
until we've settled on a list of nominees.
You need to tell me right now,are you in or out?
Well, when you put it that way,
I guess you can call mehigh-waisted denim,
because, right now, I am very in.
Let's do this.
What did you think of Frieda Pinto?
Are you kidding me?Anybody could do what she did.
"Don't take my baby.I'll give you all my Bitcoins!"
Wow. That is good.
Okay, for Best Picture,what about Avatar?
-That was a good movie.-True, but did that come out this year?
-I feel like I just saw it.-Well, there's no way to know for sure.
Let's just throw it on the list.
Ooh, do we have Daniel Day-Lewisdown for anything? He's always there.
Good catch! I'll add him.
Daniel Day-Lewis.
Okay. We need one more nomineefor Best Actor. Oh, what about BoJack?
His performance in Secretariatwas as thoughtful and self-aware
as we've ever seen him.
-Besides, he's our friend.-Is he?
Whoa! I am surprised to hearyou say that, Todd Chavez.
-Let's dig into that. We have time.-I don't think we do.
You're supposed to beannouncing these, like, now.
There is always timeto talk about our feelings.
As my Nana Peanutbutter used to say,
"There's always timeto talk about feelings,
because feelingsare the ceilings of our hearts,
and a leaky feeling ceilingleads to a flood of blood.
And I'm cold.Will you pass me that blanket?"
Well, I guess I'm just tiredof BoJack walking all over everybody
and still getting everything he wants.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. I thinkthe important thing to remember here
is that BoJack is a damaged individual,
struggling against a sea of demons,many self-created, but still all too real.
Getting this nominationfrom the two friends he loves the most--
you and also me--would really mean a lot to him.
[sighs]Okay.
But did you really thinkhe was that good in the movie?
Oh, I haven't seen it. It seemed long.
And the final nomineefor Best Picture is Avatar.
Well, those are all the nominations.I will not be taking any questions.
Goodbye. I must go.
[audience clamoring]
I gotta say, we pickedsome top-notch noms.
You know it!
Boy, was I glad when we gotout of that theater, though.
I know. So many questions.
"Oh, what the hell happened?
Why were you reading off that napkin?Why are you guys running?"
They have their nominees.What more could they want?
You know what's crazy?We saved the day today,
and no one will ever even know.
-Hey, we'll know.-[doorbell rings]
Mr. Peanutbutter, we know what you did.
Oh, boy.
So, the good news is,my brother's surgery was a success.
And the bad news is,you're not nominated for an Oscar.
And the other good news is...
[voice fading out]...that each breath is a gift
and it is a joy to live.
-What?-We are so lucky we get to be alive.
-No, before that.-Oh, I didn't tell you.
-My brother's been sick.-No, I don't care about your brother.
First of all, manners.
Second of all, I think if you met him,you'd actually really hit it off.
Imagine me but with less"in your face" cool guy attitude.
Did you say I'm not nominatedfor an Oscar?
Oh...
A lot of people are mighty steamed,
but I feel like what everyone'soverlooking here is,
I got most of the categories dead-on.
That's pretty amazing, and I am notgetting enough credit for that.
Did you knowthat Avatar came out in 2009?
-I'm not nominated for an Oscar.-No.
But you know what they say."It's an honor just to be nominated."
Oh, wait.
So, I'm just like everybody else.
I know you're upset, but whatever you do,please don't get mad at Todd.
-Why would I get mad at Todd?-Exactly. This is totally my fault.
-He didn't even want to nominate you.-What?
With the gift of hindsight,
I see now how that might havemade you even more upset.
But I realized something today,when my brother called from the hospital,
and I think it's gonnamake you feel a lot better.
-What? What is it?-None of this matters.
Okay, I'll see you later, buddy.
[whistling]
[inaudible dialogue]
As a partner in the company,
I am prepared to forgo my salaryfor the next three months,
but even then, we're goingto need some sort of miracle.
What are we doing?What was the point of any of this?
I wasted everyone's time for six months.
Soon, I'll get some offerfrom one of the big five agencies
that I can't say no to,
and I'll go back to being another cog
in the giant Play-Doh spaghetti makerthat is this industry.
-Is that the best I can hope for?-Not necessarily.
Although, there is one thingI should probably mention.
What is it, Judah?
Maybe this is an opportunityto live one of your other eight lives.
Yeah, maybe.
It's been a pleasureworking with you, Judah.
I found it to bean above average experience.
Please forgive me for getting emotional.
[sighs]
[Southern accent]Rye, wheat, or sourdough?
Can I get it on stale?
And then, he said,I fetishize my own sadness.
[laughing] What did you think wasgonna happen? Why did you go there?
I don't know.
-Did you ask for water?-No.
They're not supposed to give us waterunless we ask.
-Don't they know there's a drought?-You want to send the water back?
No, I want the water. I just...
I went to BoJack's houseto congratulate him.
I'm not trying to pick fights.
Well, you don't have to see him at allif you don't want to.
It's not like you work for him anymore.
-Is he right? Am I a bad person?-Who cares what he thinks?
Why do you havethis weird fixation with him?
I do not have a fixation, Roxy.I worry about him.
Okay. And last year?
When you came back from Cordoviaand needed a place to crash?
Oh, you could have stayed with me,or any of your other friends,
but you went right to his house.
Did you ever ask yourself why?
They're filling everyone's glasses.This is insane.
Oh, my God. What do you care?
Hey, excuse me? Excuse me?
Do you know you're breaking the lawby giving everybody water?
It's okay. I want the water.
Yeah, we all want water.That's not the point.
In the state of California,it is illegal for a restaurant
to serve people waterbefore they ask for it.
There is a drought.
Sit down! We're thirsty!
[scoffs] You know,this is what's wrong with society.
Diane...
Nobody thinks about the worldoutside themselves.
So, how you doing?You still working at that place?
[line ringing]
-Hello?-Hi, Ralph. It's Princess Carolyn.
Oh, my God, Princess Carolyn,I never thought I'd hear from you again.
I might have some free time coming up.
I was wonderingif you might want to get a drink.
Okay. So, the night I met you after I saidgoodbye, the craziest thing happened.
Okay?
I was walking back to my car,when all of a sudden,
-this woman...-[Carolyn] Oh.
...tripped on a cobblestone,twisted her ankle,
-and tumbled into my arms.-[Carolyn] What?
Turns out, she was a ballerina,and she didn't speak a word of English.
So, I rushed her to the hospital,and long story short, we eloped.
-[Carolyn] Oh.-I moved to Russia,
and I'm totally messing with you.
-None of that's true.-What?
I would love to see you again.I think about you all the time.
-Really? [chuckles]-Yeah. How about this Saturday?
It's a date.
-[metal clattering]-Ana?
Uh, no, it's just me,giant chocolate Oscar guy.
I'm here to pick upthe giant chocolate Oscar.
My boss really wants our productto only be seen with real Oscar nominees.
You know, to maintain the integrityof the giant chocolate Oscar.
I don't care. Take it.
You've reached Ana Spanakopita.
How did you get this number?Explain yourself.
-[line beeps]-Ana, this is the fourth time I've called.
Please call me back. I need you.
Ana, please.This is BoJack, by the way. Horseman.
Hey! Todd! Where you been?
-Oh, hi.-You were in Ojai?
-No, I was just saying hi.-Well, why not go to Ojai, huh?
You and me?I could use an escape, couldn't you?
It's not really a good time.
Todd, I need this.You're my best friend and I need you.
Don't leave me now.Don't be like everybody else.
I'm not leaving you. I just--
Besides, I think you owe me, right?After what you did?
-What I did?-Come on, Todd. I know.
-Mr. Peanutbutter told me everything.-Everything?
Even told you, when I was a kid, I usedto bang on my butt like a bongo drum
-when I got out of the bath?-What?
♪ Todd-o, me and Todd-o ♪
♪ Bath time comeMake Todd shiny and clean ♪
Mm, no, not-not about that.
So, he didn't tell you everything.
Did he tell you about the timeI counted to a million?
One, two, three, four, five, six--
-No, stop.-But I was just getting to the good part!
What? Seven? He told me you didn't wantto nominate me for an Oscar.
-Oh, that.-What the hell, man?
-After everything I've done for you?-What are you talking about?
Oh, I don't know. Letting you live herefor free for six years?
Giving you food, indulging youin your little projects and adventures
and stories about how you used to bangon your butt like a bongo drum?
I let you turn my house
into your company's headquartersfor the last month.
Yeah, but that's notbecause you're my friend.
-That's because you felt bad about Emily.-You know about Emily?
I think I know.Why? What do you think I know?
I mean, I know what I think,
but I don't know if the thing that I thinkis the thing that you think I know.
-You know?-So, you know I had sex with Emily.
You had sex with Emily?!
-Well, what did you think?-I don't know! Not that!
I just knew something sketchy happened.
I thought maybe you gave herone of your weird monologues
about how sad you are,
and it bummed her out!
Todd, I'm sorry, all right?I screwed up.
-I know I screwed up. I don't know why---Oh, great! Of course! Here it comes!
You can't keep doing this!
You can't keep doing shitty things,and then feel bad about yourself
like that makes it okay!
You need to be better!
I know. And I'm sorry, okay?
I was drunk, and there was all thispressure with the Oscar campaign.
-But now-- Now that it's over, I---No! No, BoJack, just stop.
You are all the thingsthat are wrong with you.
It's not the alcohol, or the drugs,
or any of the shitty thingsthat happened to you in your career,
or when you were a kid.
It's you.
All right? It's you.
Fuck, man.What else is there to say?
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
- ♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪- ♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 3 ep. 11 

















[angelic music playing]
[harp playing]
[takes deep breath]
Good morning, morning.
[humming]
Good morning, sun.Good morning, trees.
Good morning, busy buzzy bees.
Good morning, Sarah Lynn.Good to see you, Sarah Lynn.
The tulips and chrysanthemumsare really coming in.
Good morning, handsome garden ants.
I like the way you plant my plants.
Your flowers make my feelings dance.I like your handsome planter pants.
Goddamn it!Why won't you--? [groans]
It's okay.
Sarah Lynn, you are calm,you are thin.
Your skin is so soft, it's like youmurdered a baby and stole its skin.
Your skin is "murdered-baby" soft.
Okay.
Blueberry, goji berry, flax,
chia, shark fin, and... white rhino horn.
Sober, so good.
-[phone vibrating]-Oh.
-BoJack?-Hey, Sarah Lynn.
-You wanna party?-Oh, thank God. Yes!
[grunting]
Okay, hand me the açai.
-Is that how you pronounce it?-Who knows?
They should really just call them"overpriced blueberries for douchebags."
-Ow.-How's life?
-Well, the truth is that...-Didn't catch that, but everything's cool?
No. In fact, I've never felt so alone--
Sorry, missed it!You should learn to talk louder, dude!
Oh, hey, bummer about yougetting the nomination,
but then, it turning outthat you didn't get the nomination.
It was big news yesterday.
Yeah, I got royally screwed,know who was there for me?
No one, because everyone's an assholeand the whole world sucks balls.
-Anyway, thanks for having me over.-I'm with you, man.
Everything sucks! Especially sobriety.Why would I make my body a temple?
I've been to Temple.Temple is super boring.
What do you saywe go on an epic bender?
Yes! Let's get higherthan a stilt walker's dick!
That's what I'm talking about.Let's get some booze and drugs.
We can clear out my bank account.I got nothing left I care about.
What do you mean "get"?This whole house is booze and drugs.
-Here.-Yogurt-covered raisins?
-Nope. Vicodin-covered Vicodin.-Oh!
-LSD.-Wow.
-Yah! Crystal meth.-Ha-ha!
Ee-yah![snorting]
Cocaine-- No! That's drywall.
Ugh! Where the helldid I hide the cocaine?
Oh, yeah, I also toldthe liquor store to deliver.
[grunting]To nine months of sobriety.
To life and being done with it!
[both laughing]
Okay, okay. What about this one?
Remember when Erika Eleniak
guest starred as Goober's cousinfrom out of town,
and Brad had a bonerfor the whole episode?
-What? No.-You can totally see it in every scene.
Cold open, boner! Act one, boner!
Commercial break-- "Hello, we're fromthe Wheaties corporation!" Back to boners!
Okay, we'll put it on the list.We gotta watch that one.
What about the one where the writersmade Joelle dress up like a pumpkin,
and the whole episode was fat jokes,so then Joelle got an eating disorder?
Everything was so much simpler back then.
She had to go to a clinic.She missed, like, five episodes.
We didn't know how good we had it.
We got to come to workand have fun every day,
and we weren't worriedabout our legacy or awards.
...because buildings are supposedto be rectangles, goddamn it!
Wait, what were we talking about?
We were talking about Horsin' Around.
Then, you had to go pee.
Then, you came backcovered in toilet paper
and pretended to be a mummy.
Then, you took it all offbecause you decided Egypt was stupid,
especially pyramids,
because you think triangle buildings are,and I quote, "gauche as shit."
That does sound like me,but I don't remember any of that.
I must have blacked out.Maybe I should lay off the alcohol for--
...and I said, "You're sittingon the pizza, Mr. President."
-Whoa! I think I just had another one.-Another what? Pizza?
No, blackout. The thingwe were just talking about.
-Try to keep up here.-Oh...
Boom! Boner! Pay up!What did I tell you?
That's not a boner. It's a shadow.
Well, I think we all learneda valuable lesson today
about the Armenian genocide.
The Armenian genocidewas too much, man!
[audience laughing]
All right! Next episode.
Why can't life be like it wason Horsin' Around?
All our issues conveniently settledin 22 hilarious minutes.
You know, it's amazingthat it's legal for kids to be actors.
How is that not child labor?I didn't know what I was signing up for.
-I was three.-This is getting me depressed.
-Let's do something fun.-Oh! Okay, you know what really kicks ass?
The planetarium!
You get crazy high in the parking lot,
then you go in and get your mind blownby all the trippy galaxies and shit.
That sounds stupid.I'm gonna be in charge of the fun.
[snorting]No, no, no! That was drywall.
Jesus, we have to startmarking our drugs more clearly.
-Let's just take a box of whiskey and go.-Whoo!
-[male voice] It was just so hard.-Wha--? What the--?
I was stuck in a terrifying cycleof drinking, lifting my head up,
drinking, lifting my head up,drinking, lifting my head up.
Coffee, stale donuts, attention hogstelling boring stories about themselves?
-Jesus! Are we at a 12-step meeting?-Now, you're a detective?
Last night, you couldn't even solvethe mystery of where the toilet is.
So, all our partying wasan elaborate trick
just to get me to go sober?
No, Detective Pukesin the Washing Machine.
You're here because I couldn'tleave you alone in my house,
and I had to come today.
Gotta get my nine-month chip.
Chip? We've been wasted for...31 hours?
That's no reason for meto not get my chip.
That's literally exactly the reasonyou shouldn't get your chip.
Nowhere in the 12 stepsdoes it say to not drink.
That's not actually one of the steps.Loophole.
Take a swig.
If you have to listen to losers talkabout their shitty sober lives,
it's a lot more fun to be buzzed.
And I realized people don't changebecause they want to change.
They change because they have to change.
Oh, God. Boo!
Oh, booing is generallyfrowned upon here.
How else am I supposed to expresshow boring these stories are?
[speaking slowly]My name is Simon and I'm an alcoholic.
[all]Hi, Simon.
My rock bottom waswhen I actually woke up under a rock.
Can't get lower than that.
Come on!You people call yourself drunks?
Most of this is stuff I doon a daily basis completely sober.
Trust me, pal,we've done some awful things.
One time, I didn't wantmy friend to move out,
so I used character actress Ann Dowdto help me sabotage his hip-hopera.
Oh, please, that's baby stuff.
You so-called drunks wantsomething to feel shitty about?
-BoJack, maybe we should go.-I got somethin' for ya. Whoa.
My name is BoJack.
[all]Hi, BoJack.
Oh, like you didn't know?
Anyway, I once went all the way downto New Mexico to see a woman that I knew,
and she had a young daughter, Penny.
Penny Carson. That's her real name.You can look her up. I don't care.
And first, I tried to sleepwith the mom, but she said no.
-Then, I tried to sleep with the daughter.-[all groaning]
Then, the mom walked in on metrying to sleep with the daughter,
and I was like,"Oopsie-doopsie! Exit stage right!"
Oh, God.
The worst part is, I don't even knowwhat happened after I left.
Did I ruin the family?Did I scar that little girl for life?
I don't know. I'll never know.
And that's just, like,one of a billion things
that I have going through my headall the time.
So, anyone got a better story than that?
Wow.
Didn't think so, bitches.
Where's my trophy, or chip,or whatever?
-[screams]-[car horn honking]
-Whoa!-[screams]
[tires squealing]
That was impressive, BoJack.
I've never seen them cancel an AA meetingbecause everyone got bummed out before.
Uh, what are you talking about?
You told everyone about that Penny chick.
Then, you went on and onabout how you're never going to change.
Then, you chased the slug around,threatening to pour salt on his head.
-I talked about Penny?-Hey! We've all done shitty stuff before.
-[tires squealing]-[loud crash]
Most of us aren't as proud of itas you seem to be.
I'm not proud. I feel really terrible thatI might have really messed that girl up.
Oh, she's fine.I looked her up on Facebook.
She's going to Oberlin,
likes Thai food and the smell of a fireon the first really cold day of winter.
That doesn't mean anything.Everyone likes the smell of fire
on the first cold day of winter.
You know, I used to feel just like youbefore I got into this "12 steps" thing.
They taught me how to make amends.
You just say you're sorryfor the things you did
and you get a clean slate.
-So, what? Just dirty up the slate again.-Then, you just make amends again.
It's a never-ending cycle,
where you always end upfeeling good about yourself.
-[man] No!-You know what?
This may be the nitrousand bath salts talking,
but I want to do some morenitrous and bath salts.
-[tires squealing]-[crash]
And then, let's makesome goddamn amends.
Maybe you should start with the familywhose playhouse you just smashed.
-[crying] Oh, no!-Oh. Hey, kid!
I'm sorry your lame dad builtsuch a cheap-ass playhouse!
Yeah, you gotta use parallel jointsto support that foundation, dumbshit!
-Also, suck a dick!-You know what? I do feel better.
-[laughing]-[crying]
[doorbell ringing]
-I don't think they're home.-So, we wait.
I need to make amends to Diane,and we're not leaving until I do.
[sighs] But it's boring out here,and I'm hungry and I'm bored!
I bet they have food inside.
Let's see if I still havethat spare key. Here it is.
-[grunts]-Yes!
Okay, after we get food,
remind me that this is another thingI need to make amends for.
[sighs, burps]
Where are those two?
They did not keep their fridgestocked enough
for two stoned peoplewaiting around for hours.
It's only been, like, ten minutes.You have a real thing with food.
That's what happens when you mixthe appetite of a horse
with the appetite of someonewith a hole inside him
that needs to be constantly filledwith attention, food, and sex.
-Pass the Bugles.-There's no more Bugles.
There's no more of anything.Let's just go.
-I can't leave until I make amends.-[gasps] I got a idea!
My name is BoJack's friend What's-Her-Faceand I wear glasses.
Do you have somethingto say to me, BoJack?
-Am I BoJack or Mr. Peanutbutter?-You can be anyone you want.
This is your dream... dream... dream...
Stop doing that. We're both awake.Let's just get to this.
Diane, I'm sorryI said mean things to you.
That's cool. I forgive you.Wait, would my character say that?
What's Diane's deal again?She's, like, an Asian Daria?
-She's a little more complex.-But she's basically Asian Daria, right?
With the glasses and the jacketand her whole "blah" thing.
Okay, shut up.Now, I'll be Mr. Peanutbutter
and you make amends to me.
Who's Mr. Peanutbutter?
And, now, you be Mr. Carolynand I'll be Princess Diana.
-Oh, yeah. Good idea.-[both grunting]
Um... should we do something about this?
Hey, why don't you twosleep this off in our guest room?
Oh, my God, that mirror is talking to us!
You can't stop us, us from the future!
-We're making amends, assholes!-[screaming]
[both groan]
Ow! Come on!
-That felt so good!-See?
When you make amends,don't you just feel lighter?
Well, I also atea shit ton of Bugles, so no.
But I do feel like we got to the bottomof who really killed Princess Di.
-It was all of us.-Next stop, Todd!
Todd, I'm sorry. I want to takefull responsibility for what happened,
even though it is not my faultand I did nothing wrong.
Emily is an adult womanwho can make her own choices.
And besides,are you even really into girls?
-I mean, what is your deal?-Uh...
-Hey, what are you doing with our son?-Uh...
Wait, you're BoJack Horseman.
I am, and this ismy best buddy Todd. [grunts]
That movie star has reallytaken a shine to our boy.
You think this is our big break?
You don't think he's inappropriatelyinterested, do you?
What? No. But if he is,that could also be a big break.
I'm just saying.
-[groans]-[stammering]
-Hey, wait!-Hold on. Where are you going?
-Come back.-You want to take Todd for a sleepover?
-Sleepover?-No offense, Todd,
but your parents are creeping me out.
To the next amends!
[screaming]
[grunting]
-What do you want, BoJack?-I don't know.
I'm very drunk and a little nauseous,
but if I'm here in your house,it must be to make amends.
-Amends... for what?-I don't know.
Whatever it is that you think I didto make you disappear.
-BoJack---How could you leave me like that
when I needed you most?
I'm sorry, BoJack. I thoughtyou were a winner. I was wrong.
This is hard for me, too.I staked my reputation--
No, this is not about the Oscar campaign.
How could you thinkthat this is about the Oscar campaign?
We had something more, didn't we?
-You've been drinking.-Well, not just drinking.
[snorting]Yes, Ana, I'm a mess.
Whoa! I am a broken,screwed-up misfit toy,
and you act all in control,
but I know that, deep down,you're broken, too.
And I don't know why you won't justgive us a chance to be broken together.
What about that doesn't appeal to you?
[sighs]
BoJack, when I was in college,I had a job as a lifeguard...
Wait, did we just go to Ana's house?Did I get closure?
If by "closure" you meanI lit her ottoman on fire, then yes.
We gotta go back.
-What the hell?-I know I was just here,
but I feel like you told mesome important story
that explained everything about us.
Unfortunately, I totally spaced it.
Gotta be honest.I've had a couple beers.
Ugh! All right, I'll tell you again,if it'll make you leave.
When I was a lifeguard, I...
-Oh, crud.-You want to go back to Ana's, don't you?
I feel like I'll definitelyget it this time.
Lifeguard...
-One more time?-No. This time I wrote it down.
"I'm a lifeguard. This woman's housesmells weird, or is that me?
Pay attention, Sarah Lynn.
Don't do that thingwhere you write down your thoughts
instead of what the personis actually saying.
I wonder if it's time to getmy boobs done again."
-Mm-hmm.-[inhales] That's very helpful.
Thank you. Who's next?
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
[sighs]
[door sliding closed]
Okay, so I knowI keep bothering you tonight.
Tonight? I haven't seen youin two weeks.
Oh, really?
I just need to know what you weretrying to tell me about being a lifeguard,
and then, I'll leaveand you'll never see me again.
Mmm...
After I almost drowned, I decidedI would never again be weaker than water.
So, I became a lifeguard.
On my first day of training,my instructor told me
that there are going to be timeswhen you'll see someone in trouble.
You're going to want to rush in thereand do whatever you can to save them,
but you have to stop yourself,
because there are some peopleyou can't save.
'Cause those peoplewill thrash and struggle
and try to take you down with them.
What does that have to do with me?
What the--?Where the hell are we now?
-Ohi---Ojai?
-We drove all the way to Ojai?-Let me finish.
Ohi, and here's the kicker... O.
-Ohio.-We drove all the way to Ohio?!
I wanted to go to the planetarium,but you demanded we come here.
You said you had to makeone more amend, to that Penny girl.
What? No! That is a terrible idea.
-Let's turn this car around right now.-[tires squealing]
Uh...
-I feel we didn't turn the car around.-No, we did,
but then, you turned it back around
because you really wantedto find that deer girl,
so we decided to do a stakeout.
There was a whole makeover sequence,where we went to the mall
and tried on different trench coatsfor each other.
Do you not remember any of that?
This is insane.I already scarred her for life.
If I see her again, I'll just end upgetting my horribleness all over her.
You think it's too late for meto go to college?
I always wanted to be an architect.
But one of those architects,
where, at night,she's a high-end call girl,
and, by day,she's an international superspy.
-So, when is she an architect?-I don't know. Frontier times?
No, I didn't mean what era.
If she's a call girl at nightand a spy during the day--
-Hey, look, Penny.-Oh, God, what's she doing?
-Does she look emotionally damaged?-She's just going to the computer.
She's probably in a sex chat roomwith some middle-aged horse
because that's the only wayshe can still feel love.
-Yeah, probably.-Or she's so upset about what you did
that she's using the Internetto find ways to commit suicide.
That makes even more sense.
All right, we've establishedthat you ruined her.
-Can we go back to L.A. now?-Yes.
So... obviously, I wanted to keepfollowing Penny because I'm an idiot.
Let's just nip this in the bud.
I'm gonna write "Do not follow Penny"on my hands
in the unlikely scenarioof my blacking out again.
I'll just write "Follow Penny"on this hand,
and then, on this hand, I'll write...
-Goddamn it!-What?
We're just doing what the hand said.
[groans]
-Uh, what?-The hand demanded donuts.
-[gasps] There she is.-She's drinking beer.
Oh, God, this is just likethe episode of Horsin' Around
when Olivia went to the frat party,
but Penny doesn't have a kind angelplayed by Jose Canseco
to help her get out of this jam!
Ugh. Okay, now, I'm bored again.Quit hoggin' the 'nocs.
She's just drinking Red Bull.Wait. Now, she's leaving.
-[both gasp]-Hey, look, it's the Obertones!
Love your sound, dudes!
-♪ Thank you ♪-♪ Thank you ♪
-♪ Thank you ♪-♪ Thank you! ♪
She seems... fine.
Too fine, like she's hiding a dark secretthat's eating away at her soul.
Or, possibly... she's fine.
Maybe I didn't ruin her life.
Hey, you were a father figure,who was sexually inappropriate to me,
and I turned out perfect.
-Now, can we please go home?-Okay, good plan.
I'll just go pee out the last 20 beers.Whoa. Look at me, walking good.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
[all screaming melodically]
No, no, no! Shush, shush.
-BoJack?-Oh!
-What are you doing here?-Hey, Penny!
-Did you come here to find me?-No, I--
You can't be here.I-I don't want to see you here.
I don't want to see you at all.I was 17. I didn't know any better.
-I tried---You need to leave.
It's BoJack Horseman and Sarah Lynn!
-Oh, my God! Oh, my God!-BoJack, we need to get out of here now.
Can I get a selfie and another selfieif the first selfie doesn't look good?
-[overlapping chatter]-BoJack, over here!
Penny, no.
Penny?
You know, on the plus side,she really seemed okay.
Mm-hmm.
-Until she saw you and freaked out.-[groans]
But she probably would have beentotally fine if you'd never shown up.
-Oh, God.-I think the wound was completely healed
before you reopened it by showing upunannounced at her college
and all the pain camerushing back to her.
Oh, good Lord!
In a way, it's likeyou destroyed her life twice.
-Will you please stop talking about it?-Okay, fine.
Whoop.[shivers]
Man, Ohio sucks!
Next time, could you almost molestsomeone who lives in Hawaii?
You could be bummed outat a luau right now.
Let's just go home.
-You got a bottle opener?-Glove compartment.
Well, I'll be a dick sucked by a dumbshit!What do we have here?
Oh, that? Turns out there'sa brand of heroin called BoJack.
Dude, that's a big freaking deal.
Getting a drug named after youis cooler than getting an Oscar.
I mean, there's Billy Crystal Meth,Angel Dustin Hoffman,
Lucille Eightball and now you.
It's a rarefied breed, man.Congratulations!
-Thank you?-Oh, we have to do BoJack!
-It's too perfect.-I don't know.
There's that old saying."Liquor before beer, never fear.
Don't do heroin."
"I'm BoJack.Please, put me inside you."
I'm not gonna shoot heroinwith you, Sarah Lynn.
We can snort heroinlike sophisticated adults.
Way ahead of you.
[both snorting, sighing]
[moaning]
Okay, thank you.Happy Thanksgiving 2007.
Why did you just say what year it is?
I guess I just get nervoustalking to network executives.
This last episode gotthe worst ratings yet.
I was afraid your character trying heroinwould be a bridge too far.
-Oh.-And the disjointed blackout structure,
with the one flashback in the middle,really confused our audience.
Yeah.
They hated allthe fourth-wall-breaking meta jokes.
Of course. Audiences hate meta jokes.When will comedy writers learn?
BoJack, I know there is an audienceout there for our show.
We just need to find a wayto get more people to check us out.
I know what you're thinking--Full frontal.
I was thinking guest star.
We need a celebrity whois incredibly popular right now, like--
-Oh, what about Sarah Lynn?-Ooh, that's genius!
Sarah Lynn? I don't know.I haven't spoken to her in years.
Besides, she's not gonnawant to do this.
She's the world's biggest pop star.
She's the only hope we haveto keep this show alive.
Would you ask her?I'm sure she'd do it for you.
You're like a father to her.
[screams, groans]
[moaning]
-So, what is it?-What is what?
You were mumbling abouthow you had to ask me something.
Oh! Um, never mind. Hey, how longhave we known each other?
-Feels like our entire lives.-Well, my entire life, pretty much.
We were on a TV show.Isn't that insane?
Yeah, it's pretty wild.
You know, sometimes it feels like you'rethe only one who really understands me,
because how could anyone else?
Nobody knows what we went through,nobody who wasn't on that show.
But we knew each otherbefore we were anybody,
and that's how we can be friends,because we're not like those other people.
The people who glom onto youbecause of who they think you are,
and they think they can sleepon your couch and eat your food.
They think you're gonnasave their agency.
I never asked for that kind of pressure,
but you and me, we don't wantanything from each other.
You know, I... I could neverfigure out what love meant,
but, right now, I don't needto figure out anything.
I just feel it.I love you, Sarah Lynn.
-[siren blaring in distance]-Sarah Lynn?
-Sarah Lynn?-What?
-Oh, my God! Thank God you're okay!-I'm not okay. I'm bored.
This hotel room is boring!
[sighs]What's on TV?
-[gasps] The Oscars are on.-Really?
-How long have we been on this bender?-I love the Oscars.
The red carpet, the fashion,
all the magic of Hollywoowrapped up in one exciting night.
And the winnerfor Best Original Song is...
"The Silly Banana Song (Love Theme)"
from The Nazi Who Played Yahtzeeby Sarah Lynn.
Get your ass up here, girl.
[screams] I won! Oh, my God!I forgot I was even nominated.
I accept this on her behalf.
And if you're watching this,Sarah Lynn,
wherever you are,please come home.
[exhales sharply]
Oh, man, I should have been there.
When I was a kid,if you'd told me I'd win an Oscar,
I'd never have believed it.
And, now, I've done it and...
BoJack... I don't...
like anything about me.
-Hey.-None of this is me.
These boobs aren't me.
-This house isn't me.-We're not at your house right now.
The only reason I wear this shirt
is because some companypaid me $8,000 to wear it.
And I don't even need the money.
[scoffs] I just liked that someonestill wanted me to wear their shirt.
Hey, hey, hey, it's okay.Everything's gonna be okay.
What am I supposed to do?I don't know what to do.
Am I doomed? Are you doomed?Are we all doomed?
No, no! Calm down. Nobody is doomed.
And I'll tell you what we're gonna do.We're gonna go to the planetarium.
Really?
[man] Our solar system formedabout four and a half billion years ago...
-Isn't this place amazing?-Totally.
I always forget that there aremore than just the six stars
you can see in the Los Angeles sky.
Yeah, that's cool, too,but I meant this building.
It's a giant dome.Domes are so cool.
I prefer rectangular buildings,as I firmly established.
[yawns]I wanna be an architect.
[man] ...be it horse, cat, human,or even lizard,
our lives are but the briefest flashes
in a universethat is billions of years old.
See, Sarah Lynn, we're not doomed.
In the great grand scheme of things,we're just tiny specks
that will one day be forgotten.
So, it doesn't matter what we didin the past, or how we'll be remembered.
The only thing that mattersis right now, this moment,
this one spectacular momentwe are sharing together.
Right, Sarah Lynn?
Sarah Lynn?
Sarah Lynn?
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪♪
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 3 ep. 12 

















[people chanting]Sarah Lynn! Sarah Lynn!
[Sarah Lynn]Okay, one more song.
I'm gonna slow things down.
-This is "My Heinie Ain't So Tiny."-[slow ballad playing]
[music stops abruptly]
Sarah Lynn is very tired.
Can you just tell her BoJack's here?Horseman. I'm an old friend.
Well, I'll tell her, but...
[groaning]
[Sarah Lynn]BoJack? Oh, my God! Bring him in!
-I can't believe you came to my concert.-It was incredible.
When you sang that one balladand shot fireworks out of your boobs,
that was such a moving tributeto gays in the military.
We are going out.
Before you go, I need youto sign these posters.
It's for charity.Doctors Without Posters.
Okay. BoJack, can youhang out for a minute?
-Yeah. I'm not going anywhere.-Also, we have those radio records,
and you're doing the print adsfor Sarah Lynn's Stank,
the new fragrance from Kevin Kline.
-You mean Calvin Klein.-Kevin Kline, BoJack.
He's the only man who trulyunderstands my fragrance.
I'll come back in 20 for those posters.
Oh, my God. Being famous is the worst.
-Ugh! Yeah, you're telling me.-No, but, like, really famous.
-Uh...-How can I explain it to someone like you?
I feel like all my friends only like mebecause I'm Sarah Lynn, you know.
-Nobody cares about Sarah Lipschitz.-Who's Sarah Lipschitz?
The lawyer who helped me changemy name from Sarah Helmulfarb.
Oof!
It is so great to see a real friendwho knew me before I got huge
and isn't just tryingto get something out of me.
Right.
I swear you are, like,the only one I have left.
I am this close to falling offthe deep end. [laughs]
I know I'm smiling right now,but the light inside me is dying.
Uh, what?
But here I am blah-blah-blah-ingabout my own boring, sexy, thrilling life.
What is going on with you?
Well, actually, I'm doing this new show,The BoJack Horseman Show.
-I don't know if you've seen it or---Ugh, I'm so busy with the tour.
Yeah, no, of course, no,but it's been a lot of fun.
The ratings aren't great,but we have this upcoming episode,
and we're lookingfor a really big guest star.
Oh. You want me to be on your show?
Well, I just thought it wouldbe really fun for... the both of us.
You know, like the old days.
I have the script with meif you want to take a look at it.
Um, okay. Why don't you put iton that pile over there?
And I'll get to itwhen I have some free time.
-Over here?-Yeah.
I'd love to keep hanging out,but these doctors need their posters,
and I'm already pretty exhausted.
You should probably go.
-Oh, okay.-It's all very exhausting.
Thanks again for coming.
Like I said, it's always niceto see a... you.
Yeah.
[male voice]Adam Levine has tweeted his sympathies.
"Today we lost an icon.#SheWillBeLoved
#WatchTheVoiceSeason10."
Again, for those just joining us,
actress and pop star Sarah Lynnis dead at 31.
Day 75 at sea: there's a darknessbrewing on the horizon.
I feel it. What say you, skippy?
[Todd's voice] I think you got a touchof the ocean madness, Margo.
And I think you got a real smart mouth.
You want another night in the box?
No, anything but that!
Then quit your yappin'and fix Mama a Sazerac.
Hey, is that character actressMargo Martindale?
She's on the FBI's Most Wanted list
and the AV Club's list of 20 actressesthat always make everything better.
-We gotta call this in, right?-That depends.
Are we professional blimp pilots,or are we casting directors?
Blimp pilots, sir.
Then we're not being paid to discoverunderutilized character actresses.
We're being paid to pilot this blimp.
Hey, Margo, do you see somethingout there across the water?
Yeah. What is that?
[choking]
[horn blaring]
[British accent]All clear from here to Los Angeles.
[British accent]We've hit a few delays,
but you'll get your precious cargoby tomorrow.
[Italian accent]Tomorrow?
But the big openingof my restaurant is tonight!
How can I offer the real Italian cuisinewithout my real Italian spaghett'?
Spaghett' is how Italian peoplesay "spaghetti."
We'll get you your pasta.
Better do what he says.He might have friends in the Mob.
"Friends in the Mob"?That is an ugly stereotype.
[speaking Italian]
You heard the man.Set this boat's controls to "faster."
Aye-aye, Cap'n.
Oh, I see how it is.Wanna play a game of chicken, huh?
I don't thinkthis is a good idea, Margo.
Cram it, skip! Those limp dicksare about to find out
what savvy film and television viewershave known for years.
Character actress Margo Martindaleain't afraid of nothin'!
The boats are about to collide!We have to do something!
You know damn well,when we took to the sky,
we made a solemn oath never to meddlein the affairs of land nor sea.
We are sworn but to observe.
This is the blimper's promise.
Oh, no! The boatsare tearing each other apart!
Crates and crates of spaghettiare pouring out into the ocean!
I'm watching the same boat collisionyou are. You don't need to narrate it.
[screaming]Oh!
No! Skippy!He was too pure for this world!
Oh, no!
The pasta is cooking!
If only we had some olive oilto reduce the stickiness.
But olive oil doesn't actuallyreduce the stickiness in pasta.
That's only a myth.
No! I've wasted so much of my life
stirring olive oil into pasta!
Disaster al denteoff the coast of San Clemente!
Twelve tons of pastahave leaked into the ocean,
and the massive carbo loadis heading straight to Pacific Ocean City.
[screaming]
Joining us via Google Hangout
is spaghetti scientist Carla Hall.
-What can you tell us, Carla?-Well, Tom, as the spaghetti cooks,
it will expand, smothering the town
and tenderly broiling the sea lifewho reside there.
Is there any way to prevent
this delicious-soundingenvironmental catastrophe?
The only hope for rescue would be
if someone had an enormous quantityof spaghetti strainers
just sitting around the house,
but that person would also needaccess to a fleet of drivers
to transport said spaghetti strainers,
and in order to strainthe spaghetti fast enough,
the drivers would also need to beincredibly strong swimmers,
like, just as an example,hot, sexy killer whales.
Is there such a saviorwho could possibly fit
that ridiculously specificset of criteria?
I don't know, Tom, but as they used to sayon my favorite TV show, let's find out.
A movie, during the day? Dare I?
One for Secretariat, please!
-[barks]-Thank you.
And, now, to turn my phone off.
If anyone needs me in the next two hours,they'll just have to wait.
[Tom on TV] This tragedy truly putsthe "no" into noodle,
the "ruh-roh" in rotelli,and the "oh, man" in manicotti.
Damn it, Randy.Just pick your best one.
-What's going on?-You didn't hear?
They need spaghetti strainers stat,
or it's "pasta la vista"for Pacific Ocean City.
-Oh, no!-[crowd screaming]
[dramatic music playing]
Come on, come on, come on!Pick up, Mr. Peanutbutter!
-Hello?-Oh! Mr. Peanutbutter, we need--
You've reached the voicemailof Mr. Peanutbutter.
No!
[BoJack] I'm not just running for me.I'm running for America.
Oh-ho-ho!
Cabracadabblers,to Mr. Peanutbutter's house!
Mr. Peanutbutter's House the show,or Mr. Peanutbutter's house the house?
The house. Obviously, the house.
[dramatic music playing]
Wow, that was a good movie.
Was it Oscar-worthy? Who's to say?
Ninety-eight messages?Better listen to them all, in order.
[Todd] Mr. Peanutbutter, call me backas soon as you get this, okay?
We need your strainers.This is life and death.
-Oh, my God!-[Todd] Mr. Peanutbutter,
I'm at your house with the entireCabracadabra fleet, but we can't get in!
You need to get over here!
It's a spaghetti-strainer-relatedemergency.
All right, buddy, just as soon as I listento these other 96 messages.
[man] Good afternoon, I'm callingfrom Center Theater Group.
You saw a play once eight years ago.
I wonder if I could interest youin a full season subscription--
Oh, I don't have time for this![grunts]
[rock music playing]
If we don't get some kind of miracle--
Wait! In the distance! Is that--?
No, it can't be!
Spaghetti or not, here I come.
[studio audience laughing]
Uh-oh! Uh-oh!
Sabrina, I'm coming downfor my birthday surprise!
Oh, no!
Well, I've heard ofpasta point of no return,
but this is ridiculous!
-[studio audience laughing]-[groans]
Why didn't you just tell meyou made too much spaghetti?
I thought if you knew I made a big messthat you wouldn't love me anymore.
-[audience] Aw!-Sabrina, that's not going to happen.
We're a family now, no matter what,
and I will always be there for you.
Okay.
[grunts]
Now, get in that kitchenand eat all that spaghetti.
I gotta eat all that?That's too much, man!
[studio audience applauds]
I never understood whythe Horsin' Around house
-had two sets of stairs.-What?
One in the living roomand one in the kitchen. Why?
Have you ever been in a house like that?
-What are you doing here?-You didn't answer your phone.
I was worried about you.
[takes deep breath]
The funeral was huge.There were so many people there.
I kept thinking, "I did this to her,"
and everyone was just standing aroundlike, "Well, this was bound to happen,"
but... it wasn't bound to happen.
I'm really sorry, BoJack.
I don't know how to be, Diane.
It doesn't get betterand it doesn't get easier.
I can't keep lying to myself,saying "I'm gonna change." I'm poison.
-BoJack---I come from poison.
I have poison inside me,and I destroy everything I touch.
That's my legacy.
I have nothing to showfor the life that I've lived,
and I have nobody in my lifewho's better off for having known me.
-That isn't true.-Isn't it, though?
[sighs]
When I was a kid,I used to watch you on TV.
And you know I didn't havethe best family.
Things weren't that great for me.
But, for half an hour every week,I got to watch this show
about four people who had nobody,
who came together and became a family.
And, for half an hour every week,I had a home,
and it helped me survive.
BoJack, there are millions of peoplewho are better off for having known you.
Why did you never tell me that?
I guess to preserve some fictionof journalistic objectivity.
-Like that's a thing.-I know you don't want to hear this,
but you're too good to be writingInstagram captions for celebrities.
-I'm not just---I'm sorry, but you are.
-You know you are.-Okay. Thank you.
And I wish you didn't get so distantafter you moved out.
-I'm sorry.-You know me better than anybody,
and you can't not be a part of my life.
Tools! This is Brad.
-I want to do Ethan Around.-Oh, very funny.
Is this Jeff from Hammers and More?
-No, it's me, BoJack Horseman.-Wait, really?
Yeah. I think now more than everpeople need shows like Horsin' Around.
I... need a show like Horsin' Around.
Okay, but this isn'tlike last time, is it?
Where you say you want to do it,
but then, I find outyou don't actually want to do it,
and then, your mean publicist yells at me?
And, at the airport, on the way home,I get one of those big pretzels,
but then, I drop the pretzelon the ground,
and it gets eaten by a ant?
What? No.
You won't regret this, BoJack.
Attention, customers!Please leave and never come back.
Tools! is closed forever.I'm going Hollywoo!
[gasps]
Please, please! I'm no hero.
I'm just a guywith some bowls full of holes.
Thanks again.
It's funny. You help outat one disaster area,
and, suddenly, everybody loves you,unless you're Sean Penn.
Great PR for Cabracadabra, too.
Yeah, you can't buy that kind of press,and you can buy most kinds of press.
I hope some of that pressmakes its way to this reader
because she is not a fanof Cabracadabra.
-She hates it.-I don't hate Cabracadabra.
I just think it objectifies women
and contributes to a cheap and damagingculture of sexist commodification
that undercuts the exact reasonit was started in the first place.
But, you know, everything does that.
Cosmo does that.Kids' movies, athletic gear... statues.
Yes, but this objectification of womenended up saving lots of lives,
many of whom were also women,so, therefore, not sexist?
I can't argue with that.
Well, the good news is,you don't have to anymore,
because I'm selling the company!
[both]Oh!
You know, it's really too badyou shut down the agency,
because, if you could've held outfor just a couple more months,
right now,Vim would be rolling in money.
I'm really happy for you,
but I'm actually enjoying my time off.
Ralph and I went on vacation.
Can you believe this onehad never been to Cairo?
Those Egyptians really knowhow to treat a cat.
And what do you do, Ralph,that you can just hop on a plane to Cairo?
Well, I own and operatemy own greeting card company,
but everywhere I go, I have a free room.
-Oh, because you're a mouse?-What? No.
-Because I'm a Stilton.-Oh, my God! Like Stilton hotels?
-[ringtone playing]-I gotta take this. It's my new agent.
-Hello?-So, anyway--
[Mr. Peanutbutter]Another offer? That's incredible!
-Ralph and I---They want to pay me how much?
That is a lot of zeroes. Sign me up.[laughing]
What is he doing?You never take the first offer.
[clears throat]Hey, Diane, what have you been up to?
Well, I'm just weighing my options.
-I don't want to just jump into my next---You know what you should do?
Ralph's sister Stefaniis starting a new website.
It's a feminism/lifestyle/celebrity blog/newsletter/community hub,
and she's looking for a partner/editor/"bomb-ass super bitch," her words.
You'd be perfect for it.I'll set a meeting.
Yeah, that could be cool.Why don't you give her my info?
No, no. I'll just set a meeting.It's easy. I'm not doing anything else.
-Except enjoying your time off, right?-Right.
Wow, another amazing offer!
It's like everywhere I look,money, money, money!
Even ten percent of thiswould be quite a windfall.
[groans]
-I like your friends.-Yeah.
And I like this.
[both]Mwah!
-This is working.-I like it, too.
That was smart of youto think of Diane for GirlCrush.
You're always making great connections.
That's probably why you weresuch a good manager.
-I wasn't a manager. I was an agent.-Oh, right. Sorry.
Well, whatever it was,I'm glad that it's over,
because I don't wantto share you with anybody.
Oh, my God!Maybe that was the problem!
-Maybe what was the problem?-All this time, I thought I was an agent,
but what if what I was reallysupposed to be was a manager?
-What's the difference?-It's a completely different line of work.
An agent helps a client find jobs,
but a manager helps managea client's career.
-It sounds exactly the same.-I think I'm having an epiphany.
It's like I've been wearingthe wrong bra size this whole time.
Okay, if this is the thingthat'll make you happy,
then I totally support you,
but it kind of sounds like you're justgoing back to the same sort of job
that made you miserablefor the last 20 years.
No, Ralph. Don't you get it?This is a new beginning.
-I'm gonna be a manager!-Oh...
-Wow.-Takes you back, doesn't it?
Listen, before everyonegets here tomorrow,
I have a couple notes on the script.
Too many "yowza-yowza bo-bowzas,"or not enough?
No. On page 18,
Ethan and the Horse try to get Juliato put on the roller skates,
and she runs out of the room crying,
and then, the Horse says,"That went well."
-Anything about that feel weird to you?-No, see, the Horse is being sarcastic.
It didn't go well. So, when the Horsesays, "That went well," it's funny.
-Dramatic irony.-No, I get the irony.
That's not the issue.This is a guaranteed laugh.
-You're giving me the cut to commercial.-And that's a problem for you?
This is Ethan Around. It's your show,and we need to tell the audience that.
-You can't give all the best jokes to me.-I don't know, BoJack.
You really think I'm readyfor a "That went well"?
-You tell me. Let's hear it.-That went well!
You're pushing too hard.The line's funny. Trust the line.
-That went well.-Great. Now let me hear you throw it away.
-Oh, like a-- That went well.-Yes, that was great!
And that was a great look,with the eyebrow.
-What if we both did that?-Yeah, yeah.
I'm looking at you like,
"This parenting thing is gonnabe harder than I thought,"
and you're looking at me like,"Now you see what I had to go through."
-Exactly. Let's try it.-Well, that went well.
[both]Hmm...
-Oh, my God. Chills.-Yeah, you feel that?
-Yeah.-Now that's how you cut to commercial.
That actually went well.
[sitcom music playing]
This place has really gone downhillsince they got that new chef.
As I was saying, I don't think the siteneeds to be just one thing.
I think it can be a big umbrella,but, like, also not an umbrella.
That's GirlCroosh.
Sorry, did you say "croosh"?
Oh, you do not needto apologize here, Diane.
"Sorry" is a crutchand "crutch" is an ableist term.
I'm sorry if that shocks you,but I will not apologize for it.
So, can I ask whatthe business model is here?
Diane, I'm rich.I'm not doing this to make money.
I'm doing this to make connectionswith real women
and extend my personal brandas a real down-to-earth chica
who cares about real women.
Well, you know what's great about that is,
if you're not beholden to ad revenue,your writers can--
Yes! That is exactly the idea,whatever you were about to say.
I want to give you a real support system,
because, honestly, Diane,what you do is so croosh.
That shit you said aboutHank Hippopopalous last year
was supernova red hot badass.
It wasn't even on fleek.Fleek was on it.
-Thank you.-One thing though. Is anything off limits?
Like, if you had to write a pieceabout your husband, could you do it?
-Why would I have to do that?-I don't know.
Because his companyis basically Hooters on wheels?
-He's actually selling that company.-Well, he's still a public figure.
What if Mr. Peanutbutterdoes something problematic
and you have a real hot take?
If I have a problem with my husband,I'm gonna talk to him about it directly.
Okay, so what if you did thatand he didn't listen,
and you knew that,as much as you love him
and as much as he loves you,he's never gonna get it?
And meanwhile, you also knewthat all your readers looked up to you
and wanted to read your opinion?
Would you write about it then?
-You got the job?-I got the job!
Oh, my God! Can you believe it?
In the same week,I sell a company for millions of dollars
and you get a job writing for a blog.
When it rains, it pours, huh?
And over here is where you can keepall of your receipts,
in your leaning tower of receipts.
I think my client can handle it from here.
This meeting is just to give youand the other former partners your money.
-Sign here.-Okay.
And here's your check.That's all this needed to be.
Whoa!
This is for eight million dollars.
Well, you are a one-third owner.What did you expect?
Todd, as a millionaire?That'll lead to some interesting stories.
What an exciting development.How's that gonna change the dynamic?
-I guess we're gonna find out, right?-You can leave now.
Hooray! Todd's in the one percent.
Oh, uh...
-Hey.-Hi.
[studio audience laughing]
Julia, this ice cream is only for girlswho try on their roller skates.
-So, what do you say?-Uh, I'm gonna swipe left on that idea.
-[audience laughing]-Cut! We got a lighting issue.
-What? I'll be in my trailer.-[audience laughing]
-Hey, Chloe, that was really funny.-Thanks.
-Are you having fun?-Mm-hmm.
-You got any friends in the audience?-No friends, but my mommy and my daddy.
Oh. You want to know a secretabout your mommy and daddy?
-What?-They are really proud of you.
Oh, I know that.
What do you want to bewhen you grow up, Chloe?
What do you mean?I want to be like you.
-Like me?-I want to be famous.
Oh, no.
-BoJack?-[stammering] Oh, God.
-Is everything okay?-I can't be here.
I can't do this again. This isn't right.
-What do you mean?-I need to go.
We need to shoot the rest of this episode.
I'm sorry. I just-- I don't belong here.
Where are you going?
I don't know.
["Stars" playing]
So, what are you gonna dowith your eight million dollars?
First, I'm gonna get a really fancy hat,like, really fancy.
Then, I'm gonna get a T-shirtthat says, "Hey, look at my hat."
-[both laugh]-What about you?
I've always wanted to goto a super nice restaurant
and order everything on the menu.
Oh, yeah! That's, like,first day millionaire stuff.
We should go sometime, together.
-Todd, can I ask you something?-Of course.
What's your deal?
I feel like you like me,but you don't like me,
but you like me,and I don't know what that is.
Are you gay?
-Whoa. Why would you even--?-You can tell me if you're gay. It's fine.
This isn't the 1600s,or some places in the present.
I'm not gay.I mean, I don't think I am,
but... I don't think I'm straight, either.
I don't know what I am.
I think I might be nothing.
-Oh. Well, that's okay.-Yeah?
Yeah, of course.
[Southern accent]Thank you so much.
Oh, crap! I accidentally tippedthe waitress eight million dollars!
Well, guess I'm broke again.
[both laughing]
-[doorbell rings]-Who could that be?
Pizza?
Katrina, you're not pizza.
Ugh. This fight again?
Listen, butt-sniffer, I work for a guyand we're looking for a guy.
You're supposed to be this big hero now,
so someone brought your name upin a meeting,
and, now, I have an opportunity for you.
Oh, is it being married to you again?Because I'd rather get euthanized.
Spoiler alert from Marley &amp; Me.
That wasn't a spoiler until you saidthe name of the movie.
If you've got a gig for me,you can go through my new manager.
Oh, I'm not talking about a gig.
Then what are you talking about?Oh, my God, this is so classic Katrina!
How would you like to be the governor?
Whoa.
-Of California?-Yes, of California.
[Diane]Who's at the door? Is it pizza?
-[phone ringing, faintly]-[sighs]
Welcome back.Your first meeting's at 10:00,
and you have a lunch at 11:30.
-Thank you, Judah.-Also, I have someone on line two
trying to get in touchwith BoJack Horseman.
I have no idea how she got this number.It sounds like it's a teenage girl.
Tell her I don't work for BoJack.
Mm-hmm. I'm sorry. We can't help you.
["Stars" continues playing]
["Stars" continues playing]
♪ The latest story that I know ♪
♪ Is the onethat I'm supposed to go out with ♪
♪ And the latest story that I know ♪
♪ Is the onethat I'm supposed to go out with ♪
♪ And the latest story that I know ♪
♪ Is the onethat I'm supposed to go out with ♪
♪ And the latest story that I know ♪
♪ Is the onethat I'm supposed to go out with ♪
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 4 ep. 1
















[man] So you said let's do the showabout the horse,
-but this time without the horse.-[woman] I know, I'm sorry.
[man] And I said,"That's a terrible idea."
And you said, "I got someoneeven better." I got...
-What's this asshole's name again?-Vincent D'Onofrio.
-And here we are.-[director] Okay. Action!
Hey, Zoe. Hey, Zelda.
-I forgot my boombox.-And your deodorant.
-Pee-yew, mister.-[audience laughs]
-Zoe, that's no way to get adopted.-Adopted, by me?
Children, I'm a singlebreakdancing instructor
who can barely take care of himself.
Plus, I'm too rad to be a dad.
[rhythmic grunting] Ooh!
And shake it up. Hah!
-[man coughs]-Cut!
[klaxon blares]
It's fine, Katrina. If I didn't randomlywander into doors all the time,
I never would have ended upco-piloting the very plane
that brought me to Los Angeles.
Excuse me, didn't you seethe flashing red light outside the door?
Of course. That's why I stopped...
what I was doing to come inside.
[laughing]
Ooh, are you filming a sitcom?I love sitcoms!
You should have a character say,"Talk to the hand."
[laughter]
The hand! Not the face,where the ears are.
-Newsflash: hands can't hear.-[laughter and applause]
What do you mean the characterneeds to be more likable?
They don't teach likabilityat the American Stanislavski Theatre.
Look, this is not about your acting.
You don't want an actor,you want a blank canvas
upon which to project your ownmawkish notions of goodness.
Some man for all seasonsup for a bit of anything--
cheerful, optimistic, indomitable.
I assure you no such man exists.
But you're welcome to keep looking.
This D'Onofrio has had enoughfrio.
-Hah hah!-Hmm.
But my favorite scenesare when a character
is completely oblivious to somethingreally important going on behind him.
That, dear friends, is where the sittruly hits the com.
-Excuse me.-Kind of in the middle of something.
-He's yakking away, tension's building...-Hey, you, sir.
...the audience is like,"Hey, turn around."
Maybe the person behind himeven interrupts him--
-Can we talk to you for a second?-Just like that.
And then, when it would be ridiculousto go on even one second longer...
-My name is David Chase.-Do you mind?
Only then does he say,exasperated,
"What? What do you want?"
I want your face on billboards,you beautiful nonsensical clown prince.
-Doggie-doggie what now?-[laughter and applause]
Kid, how'd you like to be the star of"Untitled Horsin' Around Knockoff"?
Me, a star? But I haveno experience, no formal training.
Hey, you, you don't needany of those things.
You got "it."
Ohh...
[theme music playing]
[Diane] Hey, BoJack, it's me again.
[yawns] Hmm?[groans]
I haven't heard from youin, like, three months,
so I'm calling againto make sure you're okay.
[overlapping chatter]
What's new with me?
Well...
Monocle? No, I thinkyou're thinking of Mr. Peanut.
[Diane] I don't know if you heard
but Mr. Peanutbutteris running for governor, kind of.
I want a comprehensive crisscrossof cold calls to Contra Costa County.
I mean, Christ, people, get me signatures.
First, they need to get WoodchuckCoodchuck-Berkowitz recalled,
which is basically impossible.
So that actually makes it really easyfor me to be supportive.
-[smooching]-[chuckles]
-How's the recall effort?-Stupendous!
Uh, no. We're about 4,000 signatures shyof stupendous,
and the deadline's in a week.
Even if you don't get all the signatures,I'll still be proud of you.
Maybe even more so.
But when we do getthe signatures we need--
-please note I said "when," not "if"...-Noted.
...then the campaign will begin in...oh, where did you say again, Katrina?
Earnest. When we get the signatures,the campaign will begin in earnest.
Right. Earnest, California.
Earnest is not a city in Cal--Why do I try?
Looks like you twohave everything worked out.
Just please notethat I am being supportive.
Noted!
[Diane] Most women wouldn't likehaving their husband's ex-wife
hanging around all the time,but I'm totally cool with it
because she makes me looksuper chill by comparison.
Oh, uh-- okay.
Anyway, call me back.
This is Diane, by the way.Nguyen, obviously.
You sure you wouldn't ratherjust play a governor
in a movie or TV show?
I could attach Tommy Schlammeto direct.
Tommy Schlamme, shmommy Schlamme.
This is bigger than all that.Don't you recall?
-Recall what?-The governor. We need signatures.
Oh, sure.Where do you stand on the issues?
Oh, he doesn't stand anywhere on issuesbecause he's not running for governor yet.
I'm mainly for people right nowand also for the future.
[groans]Listen, I'm not feeling so hot.
Why don't you go getsignatures downstairs.
Jennifer Garner's in the lobby.She'll sign on to anything.
Judah! Can I get your John Wilkes Hancock?
Oh, I never developed a signature.I find them unnecessarily ostentatious.
But I can print my name legibly.
Thank you, Rain Man-bun.That'll do nicely.
-Okay.-[groaning]
Ralph dropped this off for you.
"I always make a beelineto see my feline." Aww!
Also, you wanted me to remind you aboutFX's American Dead Girl miniseries.
Oh, that's right! What train wreckare we rubbernecking at this year?
They're doing the Sarah Lynn story
and they're lookingfor someone to play BoJack.
Oh! [retching, coughing]
Well, as I was saying, FX is lookingfor a BoJack Horseman--
[retching, clearing throat] Ugh!
-Horseman-- Ho---[retching]
-[moaning]-So, as we discussed earlier,
is this one of the momentswhere you would want privacy?
You know what I'd doif I had eight million dollars?
-Yeah, you'd give it to the waitress.-Oh, no, no, no.
I mean, if I hadeight million dollars now,
I'd start a company that makesremote-controlled drones.
But these drones have a seathanging from the bottom
so you can fly around in it.
A drone with a throne.A drone throne.
But if you're in it, isn't it not a drone?
I feel like you're gettingreally hung up on labels.
Well, anyways,with my eight million dollars
I'm starting a new dating appjust for firemen
and redheaded women named Emily.
Aww, you don't need an app,just hang out with me.
Todd, you're great.
What a way to end a sentence.
But I want a boyfriend who isn't asexual.
Whoa. Why did you call me that?
No, no, it's not bad.I didn't mean it negatively.
-I was just, like, stating it.-I'm not-- that word doesn't describe--
Okay, okay, I'm sorry,whatever you call yourself,
you're my friend and I support you.
But sometimes labels can be helpful.
Wow. Well, I would labelthis conversation "rough".
Here's the check.
And this cow likes getting tipped.
[Diane] Hey, BoJack, it's me again,voicemail number 17.
Did I tell you I'm working at a blog?
I wrote a story aboutan all-girl refugee kickball league.
It didn't get as many clicks as Gillian'sstory about how in certain pictures
you can see the outlineof Chris Hemsworth's penis
but, you know, we're all contributingin our own ways.
Anyway, it's weird not having you around.
I hope you're okay, wherever you are.
"I'm so smittenwith my favorite little adult cat."
Oh! I love it.
I'm sorry I couldn't make it
to the Paul Blart 3: Till DeathDo Us Blart premiere last night.
I had a doctor's appointment.
-Whoa. Is everything okay?-Yeah, yeah, it's fine.
I don't like not knowing where you are,especially when we live three freeways
and an unprotected left turnaway from each other.
I was thinking, what if you movesomewhere closer to me,
like into my house?
Oh. [stammers] Wow!
Would you, could you, with a mouse?
I-- I could, and I would,but it's not a good time.
Oh, okay.
-I'm sorry.-No, no, it's fine. There's no hurry.
-We're still young, right?-Oh, yeah, I'm super young.
Blake Lively accidentallycalled me Mommy yesterday,
but I'm sure she does thatto other young women all the time.
[moaning, slurping]
[doorbell rings]
[gasps] Churro-flavored waffles!
-[doorbell ringing]-Huh?
[gasps]
Drone Throne.
Whoa, whoa!
Okay, Todd. Whoa!
Oh, God, today's the day.
I haven't been this nervoussince Diane was vacuuming
during a thunderstormon the Fourth of July,
I had to take a bath,and there was a stranger in our yard.
There's no need to be nervous,or calm for that matter
because you've already lost.
We're 1,600 signatures shortand the clock runs out at 9:00 AM.
So it's gonna take a miracle, huh?
[buzzer blaring]
Oh, no! It's over.
Everyone can get out of my house now.
Ooh, tough break, kid.We're all in shock.
McG! Are you still looking for a star
for your transgender Teddy RooseveltPlanes, Trains and Automobiles reboot,
Plans, Trans, A Man, A Canal, Panama?
Because someone just became available.
Whoa! Whoa!
I don't understand what happened.
Let me put it in termsyour dumb dog brain can comprehend.
All your life people have beenthrowing you bones
because they like you,
but everyone has a ceilingto their likability.
This is a bone you can't have,because people just don't like you enough.
-I'm sorry, Mr. Peanutbutter.-You know, it's funny.
Personally I like Woodchuckand he's a fine governor,
but for some reason, even thoughI have zero qualifications,
I honestly thought I would have madean even better governor.
-Well, what matters is you tried.-But I would have been good, right?
Now that there's no chanceyou will ever be governor,
I can tell you honestly...
-Yes. You would have been great.-[chuckles]
Stop. But seriously, though, elaborate.
You care about people,you follow your heart.
Those are important qualitiesyou should never give up on.
So what you're saying isI shouldn't give up?
-On those qualities.-Yeah. Never concede.
-Stick it out, stay in the race.-Uh-- no--
Uh, maybe we should getKatrina's two cents on this.
-Katrina?-Race. That's it, Diane!
You diabolical Thin Mint.
You, and only you, are responsiblefor the great thing I am about to do.
Katrina?
-[applause]-[deep breath]
Thank you, thank you.
Moments ago I found myselfin what seemed to be a no-win situation.
But it turns outit was a "Nguyen situation."
I'm referring of courseto my supportive wife Diane Nguyen,
-who told me to never give up!-[groans]
And that's why I am challengingWoodchuck Coodchuck-Berkowitz
-to a ski race down Devil's Mountain.-What?
No more petitionsor fancy ballot initiatives,
just a mano a mano,no-holds-barred slippery slalom
down an ice-covered peak.
Winner gets to be governor,loser goes home.
Your move, Governor.Mic drop!
-[feedback squeal]-[cheers and applause]
-Aaah!-[cheering]
[Woodchuck]What the hell is he talking about?
It sounds like he's challenging youto a ski race down Devil's Mountain.
What an absurd conceit.Do I even need to respond to this?
No, sir.
Because I'd rather focuson my drought relief optimization
using geohydration technology,or DROUGHT plan.
If I know anything, this storywill go away in a couple of days.
Now Mr. Peanutbutter, you challengedWoodchuck to a ski race a month ago.
Not just any ski race, a high-stakes dashdown Devil's Mountain
-for the governorship itself.-But still no comment from the governor.
Why won't he race you?That's what I want to know.
You and me both, friendo.
But this isn't an us-ocracy,it's a dem-ocracy.
-[audience] Ooh!-So let's ask "dem" what "dey" think.
-[cheers and applause]-Any questions for the governor, folks?
[audience chants]Why won't Woodchuck race?
So, to be clear, my DROUGHT planis actually a drought relief plan.
I see now how that's confusing.Any other questions?
Are you going to race Mr. Peanutbutter?
Any questions about the DROUGHT plan?
To ski or not to ski?
That was the questionposed by William Shakespeare
and it's perhaps even more relevant today.
Of course, there are reasonswhy a gubernatorial election
should not be decided by a ski race,
but are there also reasonswhy it should?
For the sake of "fairness"
we've brought in two expertswith opposite opinions
who will now have equal timeto just say those opinions
because that's what news is.
You think they'll really racedown Devil's Mountain?
What do I care? As long as I've gotmy giant bag of kettle corn,
that's the only thing that concerns me.
-[Todd grunts]-[gasps]
-What the?-Drone Throne strikes again! Ha ha!
Get back here with my kettle corn!
You can't call it a droneif you're riding on it.
Suckers! Hooray!
Ha ha! Oh-- oh, no!
Aw, man.
I was hoisted by my own petard,
the one petard I thoughtwould never hoist me.
[Woodchuck] Unprecedented poppycock.
This poppycock has no precedent.
Maybe it's time to make a statement.
Madeline, no.
This outlandish buffooneryis beneath the office of the governor.
I can't defile the legacyof my predecessors
who built the Golden Gate Bridge,irrigated the Central Valley,
and played Mr. Freeze in a Batman movie.
Can't you see this thingis eating you alive?
Do it for us, Woodcharles.Do it for us.
[groans]
And so this ski race would be bothundemocratic and unconstitutional,
which is why I will not be racingMr. Peanutbutter down Devil's Mountain.
What if the state constitutionwere changed to allow it?
-Then would you race Mr. Peanutbutter?-I... [sighs]
Fine. If a state senatorwanted to waste everybody's time
by sponsoring an amendmentto the constitution,
and the motion got two-thirds majorityin both houses
so as to allowa democratically-elected governor
to accept a ski race challengefor his office,
then yes, I would race Mr. Peanutbutter.
Well, I guess that putsthat idea to bed, right?
-Hmm.-Right?
-Hmm... [chuckles]-Right?!
You want me to sponsor a ski raceamendment to the constitution?
Or you could sponsor the amendmentthat has a hidden rider
doubling farm subsidies in your district.
-Inglewood could use some farms.-That's right.
I do have these campaign donors--uh, I mean, constituents
who really care about babies' accessto vaping devices.
-[coughing]-Uh-huh.
I've always wanted to drive acrossa bridge to Hawaii.
-Can we do that?-You got it.
Aloha! [giggles]
Hoo hoo hoo hoo! Whoo!
[chuckles] It tickles.
[sighs]
I'm astounded that it has come to this.
But since the exorbitantly expensive
and astonishingly titled I Love Californiaamendment is now law,
I formally accept Mr. Peanutbutter'schallenge to a ski race.
It happens that I'm an excellent skier
who won numerous medals in the sportwhen I raced for Dartmouth
but, again, I am shockedthat fact is relevant
in the matter of selectingour state's governor.
Mr. Peanutbutter, I will see youon Devil's Mountain.
-Whoa!-This is insane.
You could actually become governorby winning a race.
Yeah. Wow.
You know, it's days like thisI wish I knew how to ski.
-You don't ski?-Never really got into it, no.
Then why did you challenge the governorto a ski race?
[chuckles] I didn't thinkit would get this far.
You gotta admit, this is pretty out there.
Well, I guess that's it. Oh, well.Tough break. Bye forever, Katrina.
No, this is not over.This is just beginning.
Mr. Peanutbutter,you're going to ski school.
Doggie-doggie what now?
[Diane] Hey, BoJack, it's me again.
Where are you, I'm worried,
hope you're not dead,etc... you get it.
Anyway, things are even crazieraround here lately.
Don't know if you've seen the news,but I really wish you were here for this.
Well, I'm off to ski schoolso I can learn how to ski,
so I can become the governor.
[Diane] You'd say something like,
"That's the dumbest thingI've ever heard."
Sounds great, sweetheart.
But as the old saying goes,that's politics.
[Diane] Then you'd probably say,"A, that's not an old saying
and, B, that's not politics!Nothing about that is politics."
This is so great!
Then you would be so overwhelmed
by the unbearable ludicrousnessof the situation
that you would get in your carand drive to Hawaii,
which is also a thing you could do now
because of a new billthat cost our state billions of dollars.
It's all so great!
[sighs] You know, it's funny,because the last time I saw you
you told me that you needed mein your life,
and then you just disappeared.
So how do you thinkthat makes me feel?
Well, wherever you are,I hope you're happy.
I really do, BoJack.
Also, I haven't seen Todd in a while.He's not with you, is he?
[munching]
Oh, simple kettle corn.
Between the worlds of the sweetand the savory.
Not quite popcorn, not quite candy.
-What are we?-[cawing]
Hey, get away! Get, get!
[gasping, choking]
Wow, my first day at ski academy.
What collegiate shenaniganswill befall me?
There will be no shenaniganson my watch.
Professor Thistlethorpe,
the famously humorless yet somehowalso lovable ski instructor?
Peanutbutter, is it?Everything about you disgusts me.
Uh...
And yet, there might besomething in you after all.
You really mean it?
This shall be my greatest challenge.
Meet me on the summittomorrow at daybreak.
Well, it is daybreakand here we are at the summit.
First lesson, break your skis in half.
Oh, I don't have skis.Was I supposed to bring skis?
-You didn't say that.-No bother. They shan't be required.
Instead, read this book of poetry.
I'll see you in the classroom.
Ah, there you are.Did you read the book of poetry?
No! I forgot to.
-Excellent.-I'm sor-- Excellent?
My assignment was a test.
Skiing isn't about reading old books.
-It's about speaking truth to power...-Oh!
...and you have spoken it eloquently.
You are my finest student.
I love you.
[coughing]
-Are you okay, professor?-Just a cough.
I'm sure it's nothing. You can come bytomorrow for your diploma.
I can't believe ski schoolis already over.
Professor Thistlethorpe?Professor Thistlethorpe!
[weakly] Remember everythingI taught you.
I will.
Also, if you have any tips for skiing,that would be really helpful.
The most important part of skiing
is to keep your legs ben...
[sobbing]
Who's Ben?
Devil's Mountain is the place,skiing is the sport.
I'm uncomfortable.It's cold out.
Tell me, who do you thinkwill win today's bout
and what does it meanfor the future of California?
I hate winter sports.
I want to go inside and drink a cider.
-[starter's pistol firing]-And they're off!
[grunts, yelling]
[Tom] Woodchuck, off to a great start.
Mr. Peanutbutter seems to be employing
some sort of awkwardlyfalling down technique.
-Any sign of them?-Nothing yet.
-Oh! I made you a card.-You did?
[chuckles] Oh, wow, it's sparkly.
Sorry, I went a little overboardwith the glitter
and a little underboard with the glue.
[Ralph] "Let's move in together.I think I'm ready now."
This is great.Are you sure, though,
because last time you seemeda little hesitant.
-No, I was just a little pregnant.-Oh!
I was gonna tell you, really,
but then before I could tell youthere was nothing to tell you.
Oh.
I'm so sorry. I still wishyou would've told me.
I have a card for that. On the frontit says, "Life isn't fairage."
I'm sorry. I just felt dumbbecause all my life I've wanted a family.
But I didn't want it to happenjust because I got pregnant by accident
-and then you got stuck with me.-Okay, first of all,
if I get stuck to something,you're the prettiest glue trap I ever saw.
-You know what I mean.-Second, if that's how you feel,
maybe you shouldn't get pregnantby accident.
-Well, I didn't try to!-No.
I'm saying maybe we shouldget you pregnant on purpose.
-Really?-Yeah.
We love each other,and we enjoy having sex with each other--
and we're goodat having sex with each other.
And also, I think you'd bean amazing mother.
-[sighs]-Even Blake Lively thinks so.
Ah, still got it.
Yes!
[grunting, yelling]
Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho!
Ohh! Get control.
Woodchuck in the lead,still in the lead.
Woodchuck remainsvery much in the lead.
Goodbye, dear friend.
You served me well.
[gasps] Okay, all right, here we go.
Mr. Peanutbutter?
Ohh! [yelling]
[grunting, gasping]
[yelling]
[gasping]
[panting]
I see Woodchuck!
Yes!
Go, Woodcharles!
Oh... whoa... [grunts] Whoa!
Oh, my God.
Todd forever!
Whaa!
-[crowd gasping]-Ow, ow, ow, ow! [grunts]
-[crowd cheering]-Invictus!
-[groaning, grunts]-Ooh! Ooh.
-[moaning]-Oh... ohh.
-Did I win?-Come on, honey.
Let's go home.
-[applause]-Well, I hope that settles it.
We can finally put an endto this nonsense.
Sir, the rules are clear: the first personto cross the finish line becomes governor,
and, well, a strange boyfell out of the sky
and crossed the line first.
They're swearing him in now.
-So help me Todd.-Congratulations, Governor Chavez.
[cheers and applause]
You know, ever sinceI first became governor
I've thought,"I don't want to be governor"
and that's where I am now.
So, can I not be governor?
[groaning and gasping]
You'd like to resign?
Yeah. I'm just really notinto labels right now.
Maybe after some soul searchingI'll be ready to really know what I am.
But for right now,I think I speak for all Californians
when I say, "I ate too much kettle corn
while drifting through the skyon an out of control drone throne."
Okay, is this charade over?Can I be governor again?
Sir, we live in a society of laws.
When a governor resigns,that triggers a special election.
Until which, the governor's seatshall remain vacant.
-[all gasping]-Election, you say?
Mr. Peanutbutter, will you run?
-You bet I will, and you know why?-No, tell me.
Because this whole ski race was a joke.
Of course Woodchuck was gonna beat me.He went to Dartmouth.
So where's the candidatefor regular schmoes like me,
-who went to Northwestern?-Is he serious right now?
You know, Governor WoodchuckCoodchuck-Berkowitz
thinks he's better than us,but is he better than us?
-[crowd] No!-Uh, if I could say a few words--
He thinks the race is over.
Well, I say it's just starting.
And he wants me to sit and stayand roll over?
-No!-I say California's tired of rolling over.
What do you say?
-[crowd] Yeah!-[woman] I'm tired.
I say it's time for meto stand up and speak.
-[cheering]-Diane-Diane what now?
So loud as you can,let me hear what you want.
[chanting] Peanutbutter!Peanutbutter!
-Uh, citizens---I can't hear you!
Peanutbutter!Peanutbutter!
-Peanutbutter!-[nervous chuckle]
-Peanutbutter!-Friends, some decorum, please.
-Peanutbutter! Peanutbutter!-[grunts] Ah! [panting]
Peanutbutter! Peanutbutter!
Peanutbutter!Peanutbutter!
[line ringing]
-[voicemail] The mailbox belonging to...-BoJack Horsemack--
-Horseman-- oh, wait, how do I---[voicemail] ...is full. Goodbye.
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
[laughing]
-♪ I'm Mr. Peanutbutter ♪-♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ Now tell meHow can I get no votes? ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm for the futureYeah, everyone will get a free TV ♪
- ♪ All right! ♪- ♪ I'll put my face on billboards ♪
♪ The entire world will see ♪
♪ Yeah, I promise peace and loveAcross this broken land ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm your governorMr. Peanutbutter man ♪
♪ I'm tasty and good-lookin''Cause that's just who I am ♪
♪ Go vote! ♪
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 4 ep. 2
















[galloping]
[cellphone ringing]
[notification chime]
["A Horse With No Name" playing]
♪ On the first part of the journey ♪
♪ I was looking at all the life ♪
♪ There were plants and birdsAnd rocks and things ♪
♪ There was sand and hills and rings ♪
♪ The first thing I metWas a fly with a buzz ♪
♪ And the sky with no clouds ♪
♪ The heat was hotAnd the ground was dry ♪
♪ But the air was full of sound ♪
♪ I've been through the desertOn a horse with no name ♪
[notification chime]
♪ It felt good to be out of the rain ♪
♪ In the desertYou can't remember your name ♪
♪ 'Cause there ain't no oneFor to give you no pain ♪
♪ La la la-la-la la ♪
♪ La-la-la la-la ♪
♪ La-la la la-la-la la ♪
♪ La-la-la la-la ♪
♪ After two days in the desert sun ♪
♪ My skin began to turn red ♪
♪ After three days in the desert fun ♪
♪ I was looking at a riverbed ♪
♪ And the story it toldOf a river that flowed ♪
♪ Made me sad to think it was dead ♪
♪ You see, I've been through the desertOn a horse with no name ♪
♪ It felt good to be out of the rain ♪
♪ In the desertYou can't remember your name ♪
♪ 'Cause there ain't no oneFor to give you no pain ♪
♪ La la la-la-la la ♪
♪ La-la-la la-la ♪
♪ La-la la la-la-la la ♪
♪ La-la-la la-la ♪
[theme music playing]
♪ Oh, the beautiful gals of '44 ♪
♪ Fill my head when I'm off to war ♪
-[big band jazz playing]-[laughing]
-[knock at door]-Oh!
[sniffing]
All right, Beatrice, you got a good whiff.
Now step awayfrom your father's breakfast
before he catches you a-sniffin'and gives you a spankin'.
-[door opens]-Yes, Mother.
Well, the photographer's here.Where is Crackerjack?
He was aware that we're posingfor a family photo portrait.
I've got to ankle back to Indianapolis.
If the government is rationing sugar,can't you ration work?
It is summer, after all.
Oh, that would be a dream,
but who else but I will make surethe numbers add up
and compliment my secretaryon her tight sweaters?
We do appreciatethe sacrifices you make, Joseph.
[laughter]
Then after a long day of killing Nazis
we'll sit in a beer gardenand enjoy a pint.
All right, Crackerjack, time's a-tickin'.
We need to take this portraitbefore you and I both take a powder.
Sally, why don't you get yourselfsome freezy pops,
-and keep the change.-[chuckles]
Aww, I want a freezy pop.
Oh, Beatrice, you knowiced cream is for boys.
You can sprinkle some sugar on a lemon.That's a good healthy girl snack.
Oh, all right.
Crackerjack, you look so handsomein your soldier suit,
like a young Clark Gerbil.
-[humming]-[playing melody]
Not now, you two.
Oh, we'll be as quick as a pourof warm molasses.
-♪ I will always think of you ♪-♪ I will always ♪
-♪ Drink a brew, I'll see your face... ♪-Come now, be serious.
♪ When each day is through ♪
-♪ And days go past ♪-♪ Oh, so fast ♪
[together] ♪ But memories, they last ♪
[laughing]
All right. Believe it or not, time's arrowneither stands still nor reverses.
It merely marches forward.
Oh, really? Time's arrow marches?
I didn't know arrows had legs."Look at me, I'm a marchin' arrow."
[laughter]
Honey Sugarman, how did such a sweet faceend up with such a smart mouth?
I don't know, but I've got half a mind
-to kiss you with that smart mouth.-Well, that half you can keep.
Oh! I almost forgot.
Say, if it isn'tmy old baby blanket, Blinky.
I thought you could take it with you.
Mama, I don't need no Blinky blankieto fight ninny Nazis.
-Bea, will you hold on to it for me?-[gasps]
-Me?-That's right.
I'll fight better if I knowBlinky's safe with you.
-[kisses]-Ohh.
All right, folks, this is for posterity,
so don't forget to look far away sad.
[flashbulb pops]
[moaning]
[sighs, mutters]
-[squeaking]-[gasps]
[grunts]
-Hey, I'm Tamara, that's Tamera.-[gasps]
-Hey.-I don't need any help, thanks.
-Are you...-Ryan Gosling? No.
-I get that all the time, it's---No, BoJack Horseman.
-No, sorry.-See? That guy's way too fat to be BoJack.
-I'm not too fat to be BoJack.-Yeah, BoJack is much fatter, right?
-No, BoJack is not fatter.-So you're fatter?
-No! We are both equally not fat.-Right.
You know who looks like BoJack Horseman?Phil the stock boy.
-[braying]-Yeah, I see it.
Are you kidding me?He looks nothing like me...
Meester Horseman.
So you were with Sarah Lynnwhen she died, right?
-No.-TMZ said you took her to the hospital.
-And you held her hand.-Did you cry?
-I'm not---Did she totally poop her pants?
I heard people poop their pantswhen they die.
-Listen to me---God, is that true?
Because I just read Romeo and Julietand that totally changes things.
-[faucet squeaks]-[plumbing rattles]
[laughs] All right! Ow!
[groans] No!
[grunting]
Ohhh!
[grunting]
[glass shattering]
[growling]
Hey, Not BoJack, did you hear they'remaking a miniseries about Sarah Lynn?
-BoJack is being played by Paul Giamatti.-What?!
Why would you get Paul Giamattito play me... meaty roles like that one?
Hey, buddy, is any of thatto fix the door?
-What do you care?-I don't.
And if it were up to me, that old housewould've been torn down years ago.
It's a blight on the neighborhood.
And that broken door is the cherryon the top of the shit sandwich.
What kind of a sandwichhas cherries on top?
A shitty one. How about fixingyour door instead of my metaphor?
Ow! [grunts]
[sighs and groans]
[grunting]
Oh, darling, don't lift that.You'll rupture your uterus.
I'm sad to leave the summer house.
Well, it'll always be here,just like polio and blackface.
Hey, we got a saying in Michigan:
"Put your damn door back on or you're gonna freeze to death, you stupid horse!"
-Hey, what's your name?-Eddie.
Eddie, why don't you mindyour goddamn business?
[shuddering]
Tell me, doc, is she gonna be okay?
I know it's here somewhere.
Darling, we've been over this.He doesn't need his blanket.
-[doctor] Nothing we could do.-I need to find it.
-He should've had it.-[Giamatti] She's dead?
He's gone, honey.
Even Blinky couldn't have stoppedthat Nazi's bullet.
Oh, Joseph, I failed him.
Oh, Doc, I let her down.
[doctor] This was bound to happen.That's just show business.
-That's just war, honey.-[sobbing]
Here it is, Mother.
I put it in the closet for safekeeping.
-I never should have let him go.-Honey, no.
If anyone's to blame, it's the Jewsfor peeving off Hitler so bad.
[Giamatti] ♪ Three little orphansOne, two, three ♪
♪ Without a home or a family tree-- ♪
[ringing]
♪ We were lostNow we're found ♪
♪ And we're... ♪[crying] Oh, God!
[sobbing]
Come on, let's head home.
It's only ghosts here in the winter.
-[sighs]-[Giamatti sobbing]
[rustling, hammering]
What? Wait.
[rattling]
Hey, did you fix my door?
That is a dick move, buddy!
[grunting]
What are you-- are you insane?
-[hammering]-What the...?
Hey! Stop fixing my door, asshole!
[grunting]Why did you fix this so good?
If you keep breaking it,I'm gonna break you.
Well, call me a Kit Kat barbecause I'm already broken.
Kit Kats aren't already broken.That's the whole point.
What the hell?
-[whirring]-Do you even know how to... anything?
I plastered this wall, didn't I?Uh... oh... oh, oh...
[scoffs] I believesomething got plastered.
The problem isI can't get the right supplies
because the girls at the hardware storeare so annoying.
Heh! You're telling me!Tamera and Tamara are the worst.
Yeah. "Hey, Tamara, how aboutyou get some manners ta-day?"
[sighs] Let me get my toolkit.
Yeah, fine, you can help, a little.
If it means so much to you,I will let you help me.
Oh.
How come you don't go awayfor winter like everyone else?
-I don't fly.-Okay.
-So, like, in an airplane, then?-I don't fly.
You don't have to fly the plane.
They got this new thing now,it's called being a passenger.
I have to ask, are you...
-BoJack Horseman? No.-What? Who's BoJack Horseman?
Who's BoJack Horseman?He's a very famous TV and film star.
Or he was, yeah, before he gave it all upfor a life of quiet anonymity.
Where is he? Nobody knows.
Perhaps a small town just like this one.
Perhaps he's even...in this very room.
But he's not,'cause I'm not BoJack Horseman.
Okay.
What I was going to ask wasif you were related to Joseph Sugarman,
or if you were just squattin'in his house?
My grandfather. I used to come herein the summers when I was a kid.
Hasn't got much use in the last 25 years,except for the termites.
Get on out of here, Bobby and Susan!I saw you gnawin'!
Yeah, well, there isn't any more of us.
I'm the last of my line.
Once my mother dies and I diethat'll be it,
which is probably for the best.
No more of you? [chuckles]
-That'll be great.-Oh, thank you.
That was the reaction I was going for.
[sander scraping]
I guess that's it.
Have a nice life, Hambone.
-Why'd you call me Hambone?-You told me that's your name:
Hambone Fake-name-ington.
Oh, right, right, right, right, right.
This is the first summerwe'll spend here without him.
Yes, I suppose that's true.
But, as they say,time's arrow marches forward.
You hear that, honey?Time's arrow marches.
[song melody, slowly]
[sobbing, sighs]
Ohh...
Well, I'd love to stay,but I must be going.
As a modern American man
I am woefully unpreparedto manage a woman's emotions.
I was never taught, and I will not learn.
Take care, you two.
[panting]
[tires screeching]
-[sobbing]-[playing different melody]
Huh.
Look at this.
Yes, you have a very attractive mother.
What? No. Why would I--?Forget that.
-Look at that weather vane.-Ah.
The house isn't finished yet.
We can't stoptill we find that weather vane.
Ooh! I know where this is.
Oh. Uh, all right.
[Eddie] Oh, lordy.
[chuckling]
A bit more... is that it?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
-Oh.-[Eddie chuckling]
-Hey, there it is!-Oh, hey! You can't be in here!
Why'd you say you can't fly? Who's thatother person you're clearly in love with?
I never said I can't fly,I said I don't fly.
If you want help with that weather vaneyou'll clam up, Hambone!
Fine. Keep your stupid secretabout your clearly dead wife
and your probably-relateddumb fear of flying. See if I care.
["Stars &amp; Stripes Forever" playing]
-[fireworks popping]-[Beatrice gasps and coos]
What are those fireworks for, Mother?
Those are because the war is over.
We've dropped bombs on Japanand now everyone is happy.
-Shouldn't we be celebrating?-Yes. Yes!
Let's paint the townscarlet, crimson, and ruby!
Why, I've got half a mind to paint thingsredder than the banks of Normandy!
Ha ha! What? Too soon?
The Crab Brothers who run this placeare total scavengers.
If it can be pinched, they'll pilfer it.
Ooh! It's still there!
I'll make a distraction at the piano,you climb up, get the weather vane.
Oh, of course, the twelve hundred...[muffled muttering] pound horse
will shimmy up a drain pipe to get it,that makes more sense
than the dragonfly, who has the word "fly"in the name of what he is.
Okay, all right, so you've gone now.You walked away, while I make my point.
-Mother, can I get a freezy pop?-Sure, darling.
-You can have whatever you want.-Attention, everyone!
I'm gonna play a song now,so look at me!
Do not look up at the roof of that barn!
[grunts] Idiot.
[playing melody]
♪ I will always think of you ♪
♪ I see your faceWhen each day's through ♪
♪ And days go past ♪
♪ Oh, so fast ♪
[together] ♪ But memories, they last ♪
Huh.
-♪ Summer, winter, year by year ♪-♪ Year by year ♪
♪ I'll hear this songInside my ear ♪
-♪ Try to restart ♪-♪ That'd be smart ♪
[together] ♪ But thoughts of youHaunt my heart ♪
-♪ No, I don't want to be alone now ♪-♪ Oooh ♪
-♪ Oooh ♪-♪ Just biding my time ♪
♪ I need somebody dearly ♪
♪ And darling, you'd be sublime ♪
[Honey]♪ Spring and autumn, up and down ♪
[Eddie] ♪ Up and down ♪
-♪ I keep trying to escape this town ♪-♪ And I just might ♪
♪ I'll take flight ♪
[together] ♪ Maybe tomorrow, not tonight ♪
[light applause]
-Mother?-Oh!
-[big band music playing]-[gasps]
[gulping] Ahh!
Sal! Oh, Sally!
-Oh! Mrs. Sugarman.-What happened when he got shot?
Was it quick? Did he suffer?
-Hey, Eddie, come on. Eddie, let's go!-[sobbing]
-Hey! That's not yours!-Yeah! We stole that fair and square.
-Mrs. S.-Please, please tell me.
Please.
Mrs. Sugarman, control yourself.
-[sobbing]-[BoJack] Aaah!
-Hey, gimme that!-[Honey wailing]
-Please!-Mother?
Why did everybody stop, huh?What's the gag?
I want to dance. I want to fly!
[sobbing]
Listen, you're sloshedand making a scene.
Do the responsible thing:have one more drink to steady your nerves
and then drive yourselfand your young daughter home.
Don't make me go backto that quiet house, please.
-Mother, let's go.-Eddie, let's go!
-Are you all right?-It's okay. I'm okay.
My hands are doing the wiggly doozlein three-four time, but--
Say, I got a swell idea.Why don't you drive?
But I don't know how.
Why, it's only as easyas finding a hobo in a barrel of beans.
It'll be grand.Everything will be just grand.
-[BoJack laughing]-[Eddie] Whoo!
-[shouting]-Get back here!
Aaah! [gasps]
-Jeepers!-[sobbing]
Yeah! We're hooligans!
Faster. I want to feel alive again.
I'd do anything to feel alive.
-[screaming]-[metal crunching]
[Eddie laughing]
I gotta say, you really knewhow to handle those salad tongs
for someone who appearsto have never eaten a salad.
Yeah? Well, you got a nice set of pipes.
You're like a Josh Grobanwho doesn't also think he's funny.
[grunts]
Okay, now, the houseis absolutely, totally finished.
Wow.
I wish I could somehowpay you back for all your help.
Don't sweat it.
Hey, Eddie.
-Whoa, whoa-whoa-whoa!-[crashing]
-Ow! [groans]-What are you doing?
What the hell'd you do that for?
I don't know, I thoughtyou would fly to save me
and by making you fly I would,in a sense, be saving you!
How many times do I have to tell you?I don't fly!
You're flying right now, asshole!
[gasps, groans]
-Why'd you make me do that?-[groans] You're welcome.
I haven't flown since Lorraine died,
and now you ruined it.
Okay. Obviously, this was notthe preferred outcome for either of us.
You want to fly?All right, let's fly. [grunts]
-Oh, shit. No, I'm fine, actually.-You want to go higher?
You want to see how high we can go?
Clearly, this is a sore subject. I waswrong to bring it up. Let's go back down.
The night Lorraine diedshe wanted to go back,
but I wanted to seehow high we could go.
Whoa! Plane! Look out!
You want to know how Lorraine feltwhen she got sucked into that engine?
-We're all just tiny bugs, right?-[groaning]
Aaaah!
[panting]
Oh, God. No, no, come on.
-Come on.-[coughing]
Are you insane?!
I don't want to live!
Why did you save me?[sobbing]
I don't want to live!
[crying]
What were you thinking,hoofing around the dance floor
like a motorized freckle?
-Did you snap your cap?-You mustn't despise me, darling.
-Please.-That's before mentioning poor Beatrice.
You aiming to get her killed as well?She's all we got.
Oh, don't be cross with Mother!
I don't know what's wrong with me.
How am I supposed to sell sugar andkeep my secretary's self-esteem afloat
when you're havinghonest-to-goodness fits of hysteria?
-Don't yell, Father.-I just can't anymore.
I can't stop thinking about him.
I can't be with peopleand I can't be alone.
I don't know how to be better, Joseph.
-Please fix me. I want to be better.-[door opens]
[panting]
-[phone beeps]-[line ringing]
[muffled gasp]
BoJack? Where are you?Are you okay?
[panting] I don't know. I'm so sorry.
It's okay. Talk to me.What's going on?
[BoJack] It's Michigan,and it's beautiful here,
-and everything sucks.-Michigan?
-BoJack, come home.-I can't.
I don't belong there,I don't belong anywhere.
But that's the thing,everybody belongs in Los Angeles.
-There's, like, no barrier for entry.-Oh, God, that's true. [sighs]
They do let in just anybody.
I was at a coffee shop yesterday,I heard a guy trying to impress someone
by soft-pitching a web serieshe crowdfunded.
Let me guess: the web series is abouthow funny he and his friends are,
-just, like, hanging out.-He described it as HBO's Girls
-but, like, from a guy's perspective.-What?!
And he's just giving this away for freein a coffee shop?
Somebody get this guy an overall!
Well, the important thingis that barista's
definitely going to have sexwith him later.
[chuckling]
I've missed you, Diane.
I've missed you, too.
Mmm. [slurping]
-Is Mother okay?-She is now.
She just let her womanly emotionsget the better of her, that's all.
Nothing a little operation couldn't fix.
Operation?
What's broken in the heartcan never be repaired,
but the brain, well, we haveall sorts of science for the brain.
She's a brand new woman now,and she'd like to meet you very much.
[note plays]
-Mother?-Oh, hello.
It's Beatrice.
Yes, that's right.What a pretty girl.
-What did they do to you? [sobs]-Oh, hush.
It's okay. I'm better now.
I don't understand.
Love does things to a person,terrible things.
[sniffles, sighs]
Beatrice, promise meyou'll never love anyone
-as much as I loved Crackerjack.-I promise. I won't.
Why, I have half a mind...
[truck advancing, beeping]
Keep going, keep going, keep going.There we go, big boy.
Hey, what's going on out here?
Probably should have warned you,
when these guys tear the house downit might make some noise.
Tear the house down?!
Uh, yeah. You think I just wantto mope around in a shrine to the past,
getting off on my own guiltwhile the rest of my life passes me by?
Pathetic, much?
But we spent the last eight monthsrestoring this place.
Yeah, and then you tried to kill me.
That's usually a series wrapon a friendship.
-What is a series wrap?-Are you serious?
Oh, my God, what am I doingin this backwash of a town?
Do you even get Showtime here?
-So what was all this for?-I don't know.
Guess it was just a big waste of time.
But you can't change the past.Time's arrow marches on, right?
I don't believe this.
Well, as a great woman once said,suck a dick, dumbshit. [grunts]
-Where are you going?-Home.
[glass shatters]
-[smashing, clattering]-♪ Back in the '90s ♪
-♪ I was in a very famous TV show ♪-[wood smashing, truck beeping]
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
-[clattering]-♪ It's been so long ♪
-♪ I don't think I'm gonna last ♪-[wood and glass clattering]
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
-[crunching and clattering]-♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪
Boxer versus Raptor.♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 4 ep. 3 
















[classical music playing]
Oh.
-He'll be here.-But his part is in 16 bars.
[grunts and panting]
Excuse me. Sorry!
[groaning, panting]
[orchestra swells]
-[note dings]-[sighs]
[cheers and applause]
I heard before he played trianglehe was in a prison gang.
I heard he was a tech millionaire.
[in French accent] There is a rumorhe is a foreign prince.
-His name is Todd Chavez.-[gasping]
And he's the most giving manthe world has ever known.
He saved my pregnant daughterfrom drowning in a shipwreck,
then he delivered her babywhile they rode on a piece of driftwood.
-[musicians gasp]-And then he circumcised her baby
while they both hung from the ladderof the rescue helicopter.
-[gasps]-Of course, before he did,
Todd Chavez explained that circumcisionhas somewhat fallen out of vogue.
They had a spiritedbut respectful debate,
and by the end my daughter decidedthat since we are of Jewish heritage,
the boy might like to have the optionto become religious if he so chooses.
Sounds like he really helped your daughter
make the decisionthat was right for her family.
And last year, when our triangle playerdied of starvation
after getting his foot stuckin his triangle,
Todd Chavez took overbecause we needed him.
-What a guy!-He is always helping others.
You know, sometimeswhen that triangle part is coming up,
I find myself hoping he won't show up.
No man should be askedto give that much.
-He is truly the best of all of---Whoa!
Oh, hey, guys. I was eating a taco earlierand I got salsa on my shirt.
I went to clean it off, but then whenI put my hands in the automatic dryer
I forgot I was still holding the taco.
I got my hands all greasy,
so I couldn't open the doorknobfor an hour.
What you guys talking about?
[theme music playing]
[cell phone alarm music]
[Katrina] So then at 11:00 you're gonna begiving a policy speech on fracking.
Fracktastic!
Meanwhile, all this talkof whatever it is you're talking about
-is making me hungry.-Mmm?
Cheese? Yes, please!
Todd, don't distract Mr. Peanutbutterwith your weird pocket cheeses.
The issue is fracking and the peoplereally want to know your opinion.
Well, then, color me "the people"
because I would also liketo know my opinion.
You don't have one yet.The polling research comes in today
and that will decide whetheryou're for or against fracking.
Here's a thought:maybe be against fracking.
-It's terrible!-Diane.
Just my opinion.You don't tell me how to do my job.
Also, fracking is the worst. I can't believe you'd even consider endorsing it.
None of my business.Gotta get to work. Love you!
-Bye, hon!-But seriously, seriously,
if you come out in support of frackingI'm gonna be super upset. Bye!
Where you stand on the issuedoesn't really matter.
What's important is thatyou seem sincere and emphatic.
Ohh. Are you a fan of charmingbut inessential Will Smith movies?
Because, slight Hitch,I always show I'm empathic
by taking off my glasses dramatically,but I kinda lost them.
Wow! This must be what I'd look liketo a starving shipwrecked person.
[sighs] When did you last see the glasses?
I was in a meeting with Princess Carolyn.
She was sayingI'm always forgetting stuff,
so I whipped off my glasses,looked her square in the eye and said,
"I never forget a thing."
I might have left my glasses there.
Todd, you never do anything.
Why don't you take the campaign busover to VIM
and get Mr. Peanutbutter's glasses?Can you handle that?
I never know if I can handle anything.
That's what makes my life so exciting.
-[both grunting]-Mr. Peanutbutter, there's a delivery!
[Katrina] He's busy! Just sign for it.
I can't sign for another man's mail.
That's how I ended up with the cremainsof Cornelius Vanderbilt.
It all started when a young Todd--[grunts] I don't have time for this!
I've got a job to do.
[panting]
-[Princess Carolyn] It's Todd!-It's me!
You are just the guy I need.You know the actress Courtney Portnoy?
I think so. She portrayed the formerly portly consort in The Seaport Resort?
Courtly roles likethe formerly portly consort
are Courtney Portnoy's forte,but she's got a new action movie
that's supposed to change her image:Ms. Taken.
You know Mr. Takenfrom the Taken movies?
-This is his niece.-Nice!
This was supposed to be Courtney's crossover coronation.
But that's sort of been thwarted, unfortunately,
'cause Courtney'spurportedly falling short
of shoring up four-quadrant support.
Makes perfect sense so far.
The public sees her as out of touch.
We need to make her seem relatable,and the best way to do that
is to be seen dating a down-to-earthboring nobody like yourself.
You can do that, right?You're not doing anything.
I'm kind of busy today.I gotta pick up these glasses,
and then tonight there was this meetingI wanted to go to.
This will take no time, I promise.Meet her for lunch.
The paparazzi will show up,pop some razzis.
I do love getting my picture taken.It's proof I exist.
Marvelous!Judah, prepare the press release.
"Portnoy finds joy in hoi polloi boy toy."
[panting]
Well, we didn't get the polling researchon fracking--
-Here you go.-Thank you.
Because apparently when the delivery camesomeone wouldn't sign for it.
Ooh.
In the future, whenever anyone asks youto sign Mr. Peanutbutter's name,
-just sign it.-You got it, chief.
All right, Middle-Aged Yeller,here's what you're gonna do.
You're gonna givean impassioned speech on fracking
that doesn't actually take a standeither way on fracking.
Okay.
Good morning!
Let's talk fracking.
Everyone has very strong opinionsabout it,
and I want you all to know,right here and right now,
I am taking a stand.
-I am on... your side!-[applause]
-What side is that, specifically?-Good question.
I am specificallyon the side of the facts,
and also on the side of feelings.
-[cheers and applause]-Well, I'm satisfied.
Oh, excuse me,would Mr. Peanutbutter
be willing to sign this letterto our state government?
Yes. I'll write his name on anything.
Oh, thank you so much.
[gasps] And down goes Todd.
And up comes Todd!
Aah! [grunting]
-Whoa!-Stay back!
Calm down, I'm not going to hurt you.
My name is Hollyhock Manheim-MannheimGuerrero-Robinson-Zilberschlag
-Hsung-Fonzerelli-McQuack.-Wait, wait, wait.
-What's your first name?-Hollyhock.
And your last name?
Manheim-Mannheim-Guerrero-Robinson- Zilberschlag-Hsung-Fonzerelli-McQuack.
Got it.
-Wait, what's your last name?-I know, it's confusing.
-I have eight dads.-How'd that happen? Test tubes?
-No. I was adopted.-Oh, of course.
By eight men in a committed gaypolyamorous relationship.
-Less of course.-But ever since I was a baby,
people always said I looked likeBoJack Horseman.
-That's a terrible thing to say to a baby!-[skimmer clatters]
And I've always wondered if BoJackcould be my biological... sperm guy.
I guess it's possible.
BoJack used to say his penisis like sun-dried tomatoes:
back in the '90s it got into everything.
I came to L.A.to get to the bottom of things.
I even bought a deluxe spy kit.Sorry about knocking you out.
Once you have chloroform,you can't not use it.
No, I get it. BoJack had oneof those spy kits, too.
He mostly just used the chloroformon himself, though.
I read in his book that you live together.
-Can you help me find him?-Sorry. I don't live there anymore.
And no one knows where he's beenfor the last year.
I guess I don't have to meet him.
All I need is a DNA sample,like a piece of hair or something.
-I guess his house might have-- [gasps]-[grunts]
-Whoa!-Sorry again. It's just so fun.
Okay, there might be some hairsin the shower drain,
but hard to know who they belong to.
Everyone who has sex with BoJackusually takes a long shower afterwards.
-Hey, I think I see a hair.-[moaning]
Oh, no, BoJack.
-Yoink!-What the... was...
-[exhales] Okay.-Okay, let's blow.
Blow? Who's got blow?Save some for BoJack. [groans] Huh?
Wait, Todd? Oh, shit. Are you gonnayell at me? Can I have the blow first?
No. BoJack, there's no blow, okay?And I'm not going to yell at you.
And what is this?
I'm Hollyhock Manheim-Mannheim- Guerrero-Robinson-
Zilberschlag-Hsung-Fonzerelli-McQuack.
Of the New Haven Manheim-Mannheim-Guerrero-Robinson-
Zilberschlag-Hsung-Fonzerelli-McQuacks?
That was a joke. Obviously, I've neverheard of your family and/or law firm.
That was also a joke. Todd, who isthis tough crowd you brought to my home?
-Um, BoJack, this is your daught...-Mm-mmm, mm-mmm!
...dot-dot maid.
Way to build up the suspense.
To, uh, tidy up the placein case you came back.
You got me a maid? Thank you.
Here I thought Channing Tatumwas a good neighbor
for picking up my mail while I was gone,
but you, and after all the thingsI did to you,
-I don't know how to tell you---BoJack, we haven't talked in like a year,
and that's actually beenkind of working for me.
So, maybe it's better if we justkeep things like that, you know?
-Oh. Okay. So then why did you hire me---[grunts]
Oh, yeah, deliver me.
You're welcome.Now go get that DNA tested.
[panting]
Can you tell me if this is a match?
-A match with who?-Hollyhock.
Manheim-Mannheim-Gorilla-Rub-a-Dub-DubZoolander-Hallelujah-something-McDonald's?
Whatever those words are,I need a sample from her, too.
[groans] Duh!
Bring it in an hour.I gotta get to lunch.
Nothing like workingwith hair, blood, and semen all day
to work up an appetite,and it's already 1:00.
1:00?I gotta go meet my fake girlfriend!
Oh, you have a fake girlfriend too?
Mine is a bunch of water balloonswith a blonde wig.
I suppose a fancy restaurant like this
is too fancy for a common mansuch as yourself.
No, it's fine.
You'd probably like to take mesomeplace rough and primitive.
Uh... do you want me to take yousomewhere else?
Well, if you must drag me on somebarbaric adventure, I can't stop you.
There's a Pony Roma'sat Universal CityWalk.
A chain restaurant?Oh, God, no, I'll be mugged.
I can't do this.
Todd, I can never beyour dirty peasant girl, I'm sorry.
-I must abscond. [sobs]-Wait, Courtney!
-[cameras clicking]-[tires screeching]
Scusi, sir, would you carefor a sample
of my father's famousangel hair pomodoro?
Famous father? Hair? Sample?
-DNA?-I no say DNA.
I gotta get back to Hollyhock.
[grunting and panting]
-[door opens]-Hollyhock, I need to get--
-Did you clean anything?-No.
But I am learning so muchabout my possibly-maybe birth father.
Like, did you know he has a shoeboxin his closet full of bad reviews
for other people's TV shows?
So all you've done so faris snoop around?
I also ate a box of donuts,got sleepy and took a nap.
Yeah, I'm not sure we really needto do this DNA test.
Look, I didn't come all this way
to not find outwho my biological father is.
Okay, fine, then I just need youto yank out a strand of hair
-so I can take it down to the lab.-No way! That sounds painful.
-Can't we just use your hair?-Um...
-No.-[panting]
No, but I can pull out some of my hairat the same time,
-so you don't have to do it alone.-Okay, that sounds fair.
On three, we pull.
-One... two... three!-Ow!
Oh, wait, I have this whole combfull of hair in my bag.
-Duh!-[sighs]
-Todd, can I see you for a minute?-[grunts]
This maid is the worst.I passed out again for some reason.
When I woke up, the housewas messier than when she started.
I don't mind someone elsein the house with me,
in case I start choking on pillsor have a funny take on current events
that demands an audience, but if shecan't do her job, I gotta fire her.
You can't do that!Here, buzz up real nice,
take a nap, and while you're sleeping,I'll get the maid to clean
so no one has to fire anyone.
[snoring]
[sighs]
Well, we did it.
What? I'm helping.I'm cleaning out his DVR. Get it?
-Okay, but you got it, right?-[groans]
[ringtone]♪ To-To-To-Todd! ♪
Todd's phone, home of the Todd.
You quarter-wit.Turn on the news.
I don't want to be a manners police,but a "hello" would be nice.
The letter, signed byMr. Peanutbutter himself,
-in full, unambiguous support of fracking.-Ooh.
The gubernatorial hopefulhas until now played coy
on the controversial issue of fra...
What happened?Randy pass out on his keyboard?
Oh, he did? Oh, my God, is he okay?
Well, did someone call Cynthia?No one called Cynthia?!
For Christ's sake, this isn't justa newsroom, this is a family!
Jeez, I hope Randy's okay.
Forget Randy. Did you sign that letterfor Mr. Peanutbutter?
Yes. Should I have not done the thingyou literally told me to do?
Well, I guess we're pro-fracking now.
[muffled yelling]
Hey, buddy, I just want you to know
that while Katrina is filledwith white-hot frustration
as she has been for much of this campaign,I'm not mad.
I'm just nervous aboutwhat Diane will do when she finds out.
But I've got a plan, and it stars you!
What? You want me to keep Diane awayfrom the TV, radio, and Internet?
Ohh! That's a way better idea than I had.Yeah, do that.
Hollyhock, I gotta run.
I'll try to get the hairs tested today.Just stay here and act maid-like.
-[moaning]-Ah, okay.
[panting]
Hey, look at me! I'm dancing.The time is now! Don't miss out!
Okay, Todd, that's some good dancing,but I've got work to do
and you've been dancing for...55 minutes?!
-What is this?-It's a new dance.
I call it the... come on, stall, Todd.
Gotta think of something to callthis fake dance you just made up.
Samba.
That's amazing, and you're amazing,and I want your pores.
Diane, I adored your sad little storyon refugees.
We have so many articlesabout things people care about.
It's like supes refreshing to seesomething that doesn't make you click,
but it does make you think.
Well, it's not like nobodyclicks on my articles.
You don't care if people read your workor not. That's what's so brave about you.
You inspire me to be my fiercest self.
Buh-buh-buh-bye!
[ringtone]♪ To-To-To-Todd! ♪
Todd's phone.I know when that Toddline bling.
What happened at the restaurant?
You disappeared before the paparazzieven got there.
The whole pointwas to get a picture with her.
Oh! Oops.
Uh, you want me to draw a picturefrom memory?
How tall is she?What is she, like, eight feet?
Okay, plan B.
She's gonna be at the Sharc Jacobsfashion show in 30 minutes.
There's an empty seat therefor her boyfriend, you.
Be there, get the photo. Got it?Click.
[groans]
So, I gotta go.
How do I make people careabout important stuff
when all they want to do is read articlesabout who got slayed
and who owned at the VMAs?
When I need Mr. Peanutbutterto take his heartworm pills,
I always hide it in cheeseso he doesn't know
he's doing something he hates.
What if you take your important stuffand hide it in some juicy gossip?
That's actually a really good idea.
But... [groans] I don't know any gossipand I wouldn't even know where to look.
The Internet?
No! Look at me!
Because I have potentially earth-shattering inside info!
That beloved famous person, uh...
Channing Tatum may havean illegitimate daughter
that's also a Cordovian refugee.
-Are you serious?-I have these two hairs.
One is from Channing,the other is from a baby.
If the DNA lab confirms a match,you have your story.
Thanks, Todd. I owe you one.
Okay, but if it's a match,please call me first.
'Cause, uh-- 'cause I love juicy gossip.
[ringing]
Where am I supposed to go?Okay.
"El Entrance?"
Gracias, sign. Muy bien.
[crowd gasping]
-[whispering, murmuring]-Um...
-[groans]-Good heavens! What's this?
[gasps]
Uh... okay.
-[dance music playing]-[mutters] And this is how I walk...
He's so normal.
Uh... hmm... uh...
Where's the hollow look of someoneforced to starve themselves
to fit our unrealistic expectationof what beauty should be?
[Tim Gunn] He is not making it work.
-No! Wait!-Huh?
Isn't fashion supposed to be for everyone?
That behatted boy is right.
Fashion was never meant to bean inherently elitist form.
We need to return fashionto its utilitarian roots.
Give it back to the people!
-[Gunn] Bravo! He is making it work.-[applause]
[ringtone]♪ To-To-To-Todd! ♪
Todd's phone.Leave a message at the Todd.
The DNA matched!
Looks like a wide variety of screen roles
isn't the only thingChanning brought life to.
It's a match?I gotta tell Holly... woo agents
to keep their eyes peeledfor a refugee baby
with abs to die for.[sighs]
Nick, tell Janae to stock the warehousewith red hoodies.
-This is the look of the future.-Couch-surfer couture!
[ringing]
Where's Hollyhock?I need to talk to her.
-She's in maid heaven.-She's dead?!
Sorry, I meant she belongs in maid heavenbecause she is a cleaning angel.
-Where is she?-I sent her to Channing Tatum's house
to pay him back for collecting my mailwhile I was out of town.
Looks like I missed quite a dealat Pottery Barn.
Life is but an endless seriesof missed opportunities,
some involving Pottery Barn.
Okay, I'm gonna--
Can you believe this?Mr. Peanutbutter's running for governor.
I can believe it, because I've been aroundfor the last year.
Right. How's Diane feel about that?
You could ask her yourself.Does she even know you're back?
I wanted to call her,but I'm just not ready.
Nobody knows I'm back except you.
And Channing Tatum, and my pills guy,
and my booze guy,my weed guy, my coke guy,
some smartass at Pizza Hutwho deserved an in-person finger-wagging,
-and my maid.-And now she's at Channing Tatum's house?
I came back becauseI wanted to fix things,
-but now I don't know if I can.-Uh-huh.
I've been so lucky to have peoplein my life who care about me.
I don't deserve any of them.
I definitely don't deserveto have a friend as amazing
and generous and forgivingand thoughtful as...
-Yeah? Oh.-Channing Tatum.
I'm only gonna hurt himlike I've hurt everyone else.
I was a fool to think I could justjump back into a new relationship.
Can you go over to Channing Tatum's house,tell him I won't be his friend?
I can't break another heart.Not today, not Channing.
Okay.
[panting]
-Hollyhock, I need to tell you something.-Did you get the results?
'Cause I'm really looking forwardto dropping this whole maid thing,
even though I'm kind of nailing it.
Are you sure you want to know?I don't know if BoJack is ready
for a normal relationship with anyone.
Oh.
Well, that's fine.I don't want a relationship.
I already have eight dads.
It's not like a ninth dad is what I needto suddenly fill a hole in my life
that the unconditional love of eight dadscouldn't already fill.
Well, then good news.
I got the results and...
it's not a match.
-Oh. Really?-Yeah. Good news, right?
I shouldn't have come here.
Papa Steve told me this was a bad idea.
But Papa Greg said, "Follow your heart."
Then Papa Dashawn said,"I agree with Greg."
Daddy Quackers said,"Let's put it to a vote, quack-quack."
[knock on door]
-[Diane] Hello? Anybody home?-Get down! Go, go, go! Shh.
[Diane] I can hear someone in there.Channing?
Jenna Dewan?Their daughter, Everly Elizabeth?
Uh, it's me... [deep breath]Channing Tatum.
I'm in the middle of, uh,channing right now,
but you can come back... tatum?
Listen, I'm a reporter.
I tested your DNAagainst another sample's DNA,
and apparently the two are related.
-You're a father.-Wait, what?
-Okay. Thanks!-Todd.
I was going to write a storyand drag your name through the mud
just because I thought a couple morepeople would click on an article I wrote.
But I don't think that'sthe kind of journalist I want to be.
Maybe I'm not cut outfor this line of work.
Sorry to bother you.
Uh... [deep breath]
[in lower voice] Hey, I obviously don'tknow you because I am Channing Tatum,
the guy from Green Lanternor whatever,
and you are a nobody,but you came all the way over here
to warn me about somethingyou hadn't even written yet.
You ask me, movie star Channing Tatum,
I'd say you're exactly the kindof journalist we need in this world.
Wow!
That doesn't sound at alllike Channing Tatum's voice,
but that is the kind of thing I would wantChanning Tatum to say to me,
so thanks, Channing.
Love half your movies!
[sighs] That was a close one,huh, Hollyhock?
-Hollyhock?-[ringtone] ♪ To-To-To-Todd! ♪
Todd's phone. What do you want?
So, I see lots of pictures of youat the fashion show,
-but none of you with Courtney.-Oh, crap!
[grunting, panting]
-Hi.-Oh, hello.
Uh, why are you wearing my clothes?
These aren't anything like your clothes.This hat alone cost $50,000.
Oh. So, uh...what's it like being a movie star?
It's awfully trying.
Do you ever feel likeeveryone's looking at you
-but nobody sees you?-Yeah, that's exactly how I feel.
No, I was speaking rhetoricallyabout a feeling that only movie stars get.
Ohh.
-Okay.-But it feels good to talk about it.
Yeah. Talking's good.
You know, there was a meetingI was supposed to go to tonight,
but I don't think I'm gonna go.I don't know if I'm ready.
Ready for what?
What if it's not everythingI want it to be?
Sometimes the idea of somethingis better than the truth, you know?
I always prefer fiction to truth, personally.
I've staked my career on it.[chuckles]
Yeah, that makes sense.
-Ha hah!-Smile for the birdie.
Hey, Courtney, you canoodlingwith a supermodel now?
-That's right.-Fancy.
I love how not down-to-earthyou are together.
This is going to really make headlineswhen you two break up.
Here's an even bigger headline:we shan't be breaking up.
-We're engaged!-Wowee!
Hooray! I'm confused!
Hollyhock? Are you here?
No, but BoJack, who lives here, is here.
BoJack, I gotta tell you, um...
-Hollyhock is your daughter.-What do you mean?
-She's your daughter.-I don't understand.
She has Horseman DNA.You're her father.
That's impossible. I'm BoJack.
She didn't want me to tell you,but I thought you should know.
I guess I don't blame her.I wouldn't want to be my daughter either.
BoJack...
Look what I do to peopleI'm supposed to care about.
I had sex with the one personI've ever seen you be in love with.
I guess they're not gonna put youin the best friends hall of fame,
but I don't know that I loved her.
I don't think I'm allowed to be in love.
Don't say that.You do so much for everybody.
All you ever asked forwas a roof over your head
and the occasional s'more in a baguette.
I'm telling you,it's a million-dollar idea.
I got more of you than I ever deserved.
If you never talk to me againI just want you to know
that I appreciate it,and I appreciate you.
-Thanks.-[sipping]
It was shittywhat you did with Emily, but, um...
I think I'm... asexual.
A sexual what? Dynamo, deviant?
Harassment lawsuit waiting to happen?
No. Asexual, not sexual.
Ohh.
-I'm sure you think that's weird.-Are you kidding? That's amazing.
Sometimes I wish I was asexual.
Maybe then I wouldn't havea strain of herpes.
-You have multiple strains---I know.
The joke only works with the "a".
It actually feels niceto finally say it out loud.
I am an asexual person.
-I am asexual.-That's great.
So if you're not mad about Emily--
It wasn't just Emily, BoJack,
and I don't know if I'm ready for usto be friends again yet.
-Oh. Okay.-But we can be more than not-friends.
You know, for an asexual,
more than not-friends is probablyas good as it gets, right?
I'm not really at a place yetwhere I want to joke about it.
-Got it, got it, totally.-But it feels good to talk about it.
Well, if you ever need a place to crash,that couch--
-I'm gonna go.-Oh.
-Right now?-Welcome back, BoJack.
It's good to see you.
Uh...
Hmm.
[doorbell rings]
Todd?
[classical music playing]
-[audience gasping]-Hmm.
Good for him.
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
- ♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪- ♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 4 ep. 4
















[clears throat]
Let me be the first to tell you:I'm bad news.
You're actually not the firstto tell me that.
I can't offer you parental guidanceor advice or love or support
or prolonged conversationor interest in you,
-or remembering your name.-It's Hollyhock.
-And I'm not looking for another dad.-Great.
But I've always wanted to knowwho my mother is.
Your mother? What do I look like,Josh Radnor?
Nothing? Nothing for Josh Radnor.How quickly we forget.
Just tell me the name of the womanyou had sex with in December 1999.
That's all the relationshipwe need to have.
That was quite a timefor our nation, sex-wise...
♪ Oh, 1999 ♪
Actually, I don't need a whole long story.Just get to the point.
The point is I banged a lot of women.
One-night stands, two-night stands,nooners, spooners, hot-air ballooners.
So, out of all of these womenit sounds like you really respected,
is there any chanceone of them got pregnant
and then put the baby up for adoption?
I guess Marcy was kind ofa poking holes in the condom type.
Real nutter. Good lay, though.
Glad to hear my motherwas a "nutter" and "a good lay."
Can I meet her? Where is she?
I bet she's still in that same apartmentin the Valley. What a dump!
Can you take me there?
Help me find my momand I'll leave you alone forever.
Deal. But can we go in the morning?
[yawning] It's getting pretty late,I become a real asshole
if I don't get a solid seven hoursof bed drinking a night.
I should get going.
My hostel's all the way downtownin a pretty bad area.
Wait.
-Take this.-Okay.
Here I go, hope there areno murderers out.
Yes, everyone hopes that all the time.
-Okay, just do me a favor.-Ugh! What now?
If I do get murdered,will you call my eight dads
and tell them I love them?
I gotta call all eight? They can'twork out a phone tree? [groans]
If you're gonna be a baby,stay here for the night.
-All right!-Take the couch and be quiet.
Don't get on your phone and textall your friends how sweet my house is.
Turn off all the lights when you'regoing to sleep, all of the lights.
[click]
-Thank you, BoJack.-[door slams]
[theme music playing]
-[moans] Oh, I can't---Oh, you're-- you're in my--
-Wait, I'm not really---What if we try...
Wait, I'm almost... Oh, no.
I don't think it's going to happen.
[sighs] I'm sorry,it's just difficult with all the--
[air horn blares]
-[Katrina] Who gave Todd the air horn?-Right.
-The campaign.-Exactly.
But it's just another two months, right?
After the electioneverything goes back to normal.
-Well, unless I win.-Right.
I gotta tell you, I'm having a blast.
I always knew I was probablygood at something,
but I never knew what it was.
Thanks to Katrina, I've finally realizedI'm good at people liking me.
That's great, and you knowI'm so happy for you,
but do you have to bethe pro-fracking candidate?
-[shudders]-Diane, this is the campaign.
Nothing anyone saysduring a campaign matters.
It's just promising a bunch of stuffto get people to vote for you.
Then when you get an office,you can do whatever you want.
-Democracy in action.-Mark my words--
the only frackingthat's going to be happening
-is in this bedroom.-All right, guy.
I'm gonna drill you deep,and fill you with a mysterious substance
that scientists still don't quiteunderstand the ramifications of.
-This isn't sexy for me-- aaah!-Did someone say "busy day"?
No one said "busy day," Katrina.What did we say about knocking?
It wastes vital secondswe'll never get back?
Anyway, everyone who isn't meneeds to shut up right now.
-No one else was talking.-I actually have good news for once.
CNN released a poll today,and for the first time ever,
-Mr. Peanutbutter is up.-Damn!
Wow! Am I John Davidson,Cathy Lee Crosby
and Fran Tarkenton right now,because that's--
We don't have time for the referenceyou're setting up.
We're doing a presser in 30.Go downstairs, get some breakfast.
Yeah! Breakfast!
Am I Emilio Estevez, Molly Ringwald,Judd Nelson, the principal...
-Just get breakfast!-All right!
-[horn blaring]-Don't you forget about me.
-Diane, you look sad.-We were kind of in the middle of--
No, I'm saying you look sad.
Maybe you need to put on foundation,blush around the cheeks or something.
[sighs]
-[smoke alarm beeping]-[moans]
What the...? Huh?
-[electricity crackling]-Aaah! Aaah!
What's going on down here?
I was trying to make you breakfastto thank you for letting me stay here!
I put a Pop-Tart in the microwave!
-Did you take the foil off?-No! I was doing it popcorn style!
It's all right, it's not your fault.Making food is impossible.
Let's get out of hereand take you to your mom's house.
Should we do something about the fire?
Just leave it.It'll tire itself out eventually.
[munching]
So, who is this lady?
It's actually a cute story.She was the president of my fan club.
You had sex with the presidentof your fan club?
Yeah. "Oh, my God, what a monster!"
I slept with someone who loved memore than anybody else
and dedicated her life to knowing thingsabout me and caring about me.
How could I be so shallow?
You're right, I'm sorry.Finish your cute story.
That was the whole story.
She was the president of my fan club,I had sex with her.
Then I didn't think about herfor 18 years, and here we are.
[sighs]
-[door opens]-Good news, the results are in!
-Oh!-Bad news, the results are bad.
[groaning]
Like an omelet barat a mongoose convention,
you are running dangerously low on eggs.
How many do I have left?
Well, let's just sayit's more than Harry Potter movies,
but fewer than James Bond movies.
-Doctor, no!-What do you recommend?
Hmm. Have you consideredimpregnating a younger woman?
No, I want to do it with this woman.
You could try throwing moneyat the problem.
You're gonna want pre-natal vitamins,cervical mucus boosters,
a "You Can Do It!" poster,and an iOvulate.
- "iOvulate"?- Let's hope so!
This state-of-the-art bracelettracks your cycle
and also gives you up-to-date infoon your ovulation.
-Plus, it's voiced by Harvey Fierstein.-[chiming]
Hello, I'm Harvey Fierstein.Let's put a baby in you.
[both] Ooh!
[exhales]
BoJack?
Marcy, hey.
-I knew it. I knew you'd come back.-Right. Um...
here's a very specific question:after we had sex,
did you by any chance get pregnantand put a baby up for adoption?
-Yes.-Wait, really?
Oh, my God, you're my mother.Can I hug you?
-I'm hugging my mother.-Wow.
BoJack, I'm sorry,I really wanted to tell you.
But when I called the numberthat you gave me,
it was for a sandwich shop in Temecula.
Wha...? That's so weird.You must have dialed it wrong.
And then I thought, well, you know,sooner or later you'd call me.
Yeah, yeah, I was gonna,but then, you know, 9/11 happened...
-Can you ever forgive me?-I think so.
Oh! I'm so sorry. Where are my manners?Please come in.
And that was just sucha tough time for our country...
So, once we introduced vicious knife-playinto our routine,
it really gave our sex life the edge.
Love it, crooshed it.
So the article is just abouta happy marriage with a healthy sex life?
We already have Raquel's pieceabout 69 days of sixty-nining.
-Uh-huh!-So croosh.
What about our readerswho aren't having sex with their husbands?
Isn't this just gonna make them feel bad?
Not everyone gets to havegreat sex all the time, right?
Ladies?
Diane? Can I talk to youin your office for a minute?
I don't have an office.
You said offices have cornersand corners are the patriarchy.
Fine. Can I talk to you in the hot-take,cool-down yoga area?
[deep breathing]
You seem tense.
Have you been eating glutenand also not having sex with your husband?
Whoa, Stefani, that's not--
Diane, relax! This is not a conversationbetween an employee and her superior.
This is a conversationbetween a friend and her superior.
The campaignhas been testing our marriage.
Obviously, it's great to seeMr. Peanutbutter so excited,
and I am supporting that.
But if I'm being honest,
I can't wait for it to be overso things can go back to normal.
-Hmm. And what happens if he wins?-He's not going to win.
Did you see the new CNN poll this morning?
He could win. People do love fracking.
It's fun to say! "Frack! Frack!Fricky-fricky-frack" [laughs]
People wouldn't love saying itif they understood what it actually was.
-So tell them.-I can't go against my husband.
What the frack? Why not?You gotta do you, girl.
I always say, you gotta do you.
And if he's doing him,then who's doing you?
Because right now,it seems like no one's doing you.
[groans]
...and then when I was eight,
Lizzie Dunbar's mom rented us allFreaky Friday for a sleepover,
and I got really sad because I realizedI didn't have a mom to switch bodies with.
Am I talking a lot?I feel I'm talking a lot.
-Yes.-Oh! I need to show you something.
Okay, so this may seem cuckoo,
but I was so head over heelsin love with your father
that after we made sweet love,and he didn't call me again,
I just got so jealous, so I made a listof every girl he was with...
and I found their home addresses...
-Oh.-...and drew Xs over their eyes.
I'm loving this conversationbut I have to go the bathroom now,
for non-me being weirded outby this conversation-related reasons.
I just keep thinking abouthow different things would have been
if you'd have just called me.
We could have had a family togetherfor 18 loving years.
-That might have---[Hollyhock] BoJack!
[groans] Kids. What?
Can you join mein the bathroom for a minute?
What?! No!
-Do you want me, sweetheart?-No, it's a dad bathroom thing.
Uh... Hollyhock?
That woman is not my mother.She's lying to us!
Marcy? No way!
Look. This is from the premiereof Autumn in New York.
That movie came out in August of 2000.I was born in September.
Does this woman lookeight months pregnant to you?
Why would they release a romantic dramacalled Autumn in New York
in the middle of summer?
Richard Gerehad just done Runaway Bride,
Winona Ryder was hot offGirl, Interrupted
-so the studio got cocky.-How do you know all this?
I looked it up on the Internetbecause I saw this picture
and got confused why Marcywould wear a summer dress
to a movie calledAutumn in New York.
This is a summer dress?I guess I don't know dresses.
BoJack, focus! That's not my mom!
So the lesson here isI was right to never call her.
-Wait, so who---[Marcy] Are you okay in there?
-Don't come in!-Yes! Father-daughter bathroom time!
The scrapbook! She has that listof all the other women you slept with.
If we get the book, we can find my mom.
Give me a few minutes. I'll distract her,then you sneak in and grab the book.
[BoJack] Okay.
And what was the first appearanceof the Horse's identical cousin?
[Marcy] Season eight, episode four.
[BoJack] Yeah, yeah. That's right.What was the horse's boss's name?
-What are you doing?-Oh, my God!
You're not supposed to see this.Look away!
It's okay, Hollyhock.This is what Mommy and Daddy do.
-Ugh! You said give you a few minutes!-I didn't think it would take this long.
I usually finish faster.
-You're disgusting!-[moans] That's what I needed.
-Can I please have a grasshopper?-[seductively] Yes?
So the studio finished Mars Attacks!without him.
And since no one ever found a body,
my client Tony Trombonihas been making movies
-under the name Tim Burton ever since.-Oh!
-[chiming]-I'm Harvey Fierstein.
Your ovulation window is closing soon.Please commence copulation.
Oh, fish! We gotta go.
-Can't we finish lunch?-You heard the bracelet.
Okay, well, uh, let me get the check.
-There's no time for that! Ralph!-We gotta pay for our--
I have an egg inside methat is ripe to be fertilized.
His name is Philbert.
-Princess Carolyn---Uh-uh! Philbert Stilton,
and he's going to be sweet and smartand a phenom on the clarinet,
and one day you'll be driving him homefrom band practice
and he's going to all of a suddensay something so insightful and true
that you'll be positively flooredit came out of the mouth of your son.
But if you don't take me home right nowand impregnate me,
-then Philbert will never exist.-[plates clatter]
Okay, let's go.
-You told me to distract her.-We don't need to talk about it.
So now that we got the list,we gotta go see all these other women?
Not all of them,just the ones you didn't see
in the nine monthsafter you had sex with them.
-That's gonna be most of them.-Yeah, figures.
Ooh!
Tilda Madison? You dated the Timedium,Tuesdays at 9:00 on CBS?
I never understood that show.What's a Timedium?
She's a medium,
but she can also travel through timeand she solves crimes.
That's so stupid.She time-travels and she's a medium?
But the one crime she can't solveis her husband's murder.
[groans]
[sitar playing]
So my name is Hollyhock and I love applesbut hate applesauce, too slimy.
I was the captain of the JV soccer team--
BoJack, why did you bring this childinto my sanctum?
I can make this real quick.
Did you give up my secret babyin the year 2000?
Oh, BoJack, do you recallthe impetus for our uncoupling?
Is every one of thesegonna be a whole thing?
You were a cad and a boor.
But your fits of sardonic japery amused,to a point, until you impregnated me.
Suddenly, I was awash in dreamsof idealized domesticity.
But when I told you I was with child,
I received a check in the mailfor $200 with the memo line,
"BoJack's half of the abortion."
So you put me up for adoption?
Child, no. I had the abortion.
Nice. You don't wantany little BoJacks floating around.
Last thing this world needsis more of this garbage.
-Uh, excuse me?-No, you're great, you seem cool,
but if we could go back in timeand prevent it...
-Right?-[groans]
Hollyhock, I didn't mean...
By the way, your show sucks.Should be called Tedium.
-[tires screeching]-[horn honks]
[chiming]
Your uterus contains the secrets of life,the ability to create.
-Go, go! Oh, God!-I'm going!
At this point, your ovum has burst outof the swollen follicle,
traveled down the long gentle riverof the fallopian tube,
and been welcomed by the warm embraceof the silk-lined uterus.
No, no, no.
You must fertilize that precious ovum nowor it will disintegrate into nothingness.
Hit the gas! Do it for Philbert!
[siren blaring]
-Pull over your vehicle, now!-[groans]
Oh, fish!
So in conclusion, I don't think Californiais the greatest state in the country.
But it can be.
Beautifully put.I'd like to drill down, as it were,
-on the subject of fracking.-Drill away.
Now, mere hours agoyour wife, Diane Nguyen,
seen here eating a messy sandwich,
published an essay onlinetitled "The Case Against Fracking"
in which she posits, quote...
"If these frack-happy politicianseven knew how dangerous it was,
they wouldn't allow itin their own backyards."
-Diane wrote that?-Damn.
Mr. Peanutbutter,your wife has issued a challenge.
Would you allow frackingin your own backyard?
I would.
Joining us now via Periscopeis Frankie Flackery,
foreman and spokesyakfor Flackery Will Get You Everywhere
industrial drilling company.
-How are ya?-Flackery Flack, let's talk frack.
Mr. Peanutbutter has invited youto drill on his property.
-Uh---Will you take him up on this invitation?
-I could have a team there this afternoon.-Oh...
Ready when you are, boys!
Sir, I apologize.We are very eager to get home.
You were going 36 miles per hour.The speed limit here...
is 35.
-Yes.-Now, I'm no mathematician.
-I'm just a humble officer of the law.-Okay.
So you tell me, is 36 below 35or is it above 35?
Just write us a ticket and let us go.
Now, now, talking backto Officer Meow Meow is a major no-no.
-[chiming]-Hello! Harvey Fierstein here.
Oh! Who said that?Is there another man in your vehicle?
-Hello?-Show yourself, fiend!
We don't have time for this! I'm in heat!
Ma'am, you need to calm down!
Don't tell me to calm downor call me ma'am!
Just write us a goddamn ticketso I can go home and mount my boyfriend!
That's enough!Out of the car, all three of you!
Obviously, I didn't mean you.
You're giving me the silent treatment?
I guess I have thin skin.
Must be the half of methat's made of garbage.
[sighs] Well, who else is on this list?
Stacy, Fabiana... Tonya Harding?She is not gonna be happy to see me.
She said sleeping with meis the worst thing she ever did.
I'm sorry it's so unpleasant for you
to have to interactwith women you were shitty to.
I don't understandwhy we're even doing this.
You're never gonna switch bodieswith your mom.
That ship has sailedand is also impossible.
-Pull over the car.-No.
-Pull over now!-Jesus. Fine.
-I'm gonna do the rest of this on my own.-No. Hollyhock.
I got the list. I don't need you anymore.Have a bad life.
Joke's on you, I already have one!
Oh no. No. No, no.
Where's Mr. Peanutbutter?
He's giving a stump speechon the subject of stumps.
-Turns out he's pro. Great for sitting.-[groans]
I'd be careful with that faucet,the water comes out very hot
because of the fracking.
Aaah! How could you let him do this?
You're the one who called his bluff.Don't do that.
-This just makes my job harder.-I didn't "call his bluff." I just--
Woman, you have one job:be his wife, be supportive.
I am being supportive.
Was that you being supportive todaywith that piece you wrote
-for your stupid girl website?-It's called Girl Croosh.
"Stoopid Gurl" is just a subsectionof the main site.
And my piece wasn't aboutMr. Peanutbutter, specifically.
I'm gonna cut this conversation short,my time is more important than yours.
This goes one of two ways.
Either you shut up and be pretty,or your approximation of that,
or don't support him, he resents you,your marriage implodes.
-Pick your poison.-Damn!
Not that I get to vote, but fromone Mrs. Peanutbutter to another,
it's been really fun for meto watch this new marriage fall apart.
-We're not.-So thank you, Diane,
for that tiny sliver of mintin the smoothie of dogshit
that is trying to getthat popular idiot elected.
Good night.
Damn!
[blaring]
-[chiming]-I'm Harvey Fierstein,
and I hopeyou're almost done having sex
because your ovulation cyclewill soon be ending.
Huh.
I'm sorry we couldn't get home in time.
-Your lawyer, he's good?-The best.
Then you know what we have to do?
Oh!
-For Philbert?-For Philbert.
[grunting]
-What are you doing back there? Hey!-[moaning]
-Sorry you have to be here for this.-Keep your eyes on the road.
Hey! You two cut that out!
I'll write you up for lewd conduct.Lewd, crude and partially nude!
Not to mention the rude 'tudeof you two dudes, while this prude...
-Hey, listen to me!-Whoa!
[voice of Fierstein] And so the danceof life continues apace.
I'm Harvey Fierstein,bidding you a sexy good evening.
[Officer Fuzzyface] No!
Can I get my check now?
[sighs]
Alone, at last. Thank God.
[sighs]
[groans] Fine, fine, fine.
Hi, Fabiana. Before you slam the door--
Did a young horse girl come by here,about yay high?
You're still mad about your dad's funeral?That was 18 years ago!
Thank you, Tonya.I know we've had our differences,
but seeing you always leaves meweak in the knees.
[groans]
-[grunts]-Hollyhock.
-Was that her?-Ugh! No.
[groans]
I talked to 23 women todayand none of them were my mother.
-How did you find me?-I went to everyone on that list.
You talked to all those women?Some of them--
-Really haven't aged well, I know.-I was gonna say, really hate you.
Oh, yeah, that too.But I needed to find you.
To tell you I'm sorry,
for being such an assholethen and also now.
This whole thing was stupid.I never should have come out here.
And I don't even careabout having a mom, really.
Because I did finefor 17 years without one.
I don't need a mom.
Hollyhock, it's okay to want a mom.
No, it's not! Because that means my dadsweren't enough for me, and they are!
[sighs]
I know I just met you,but if you do have
any of the old Horseman gunkbouncing around in that brain of yours,
I gotta tell you right nowyou should give up on looking for "enough"
because it will never be enough.
[whimpering]
-[sobbing]-Eww!
-Stop that.-I know, it's stupid.
-There, there.-You are so bad at this.
What do your dads say when you cry?
They say it's okay to cry,
and that I shouldn't feel badabout feeling bad.
Well, that-- that's good advice, right?
They're really good dads.I should probably get back to them.
Oh. You don't have to leave right away.
Why don't you juststay with me a bit longer?
At least until we find your mom.
How are we supposed to do that?Every name on that list was a dead end.
Oh...
Yeah. But what if I told youthere's a name that isn't on that list?
Someone Marcy never knew about.
What? Where is she now?
I don't know. But you can stay with mewhile we try to find her?
Okay. Yeah. What's her name?
Her name was Brown Car... la.
Carla Mercedes Benz... Brown.
"Carla Mercedes Benzbrown"?Weird name.
-You've got a weird name.-I guess you're right.
Maybe that's the first thingwe'll talk about when I meet her.
Mm-hmm?
[keyboard clicking]
Diane, I know. I'm sorry about the trucks,but you didn't give me much choice.
I know these last few dayshave been crazy.
-But this is the hard part.-I need you to drop out of the race.
-What?-Please, Mr. Peanutbutter.
This isn't worth it.
I hear what you're saying
and I will try to be more conscientiousof your needs.
-Drop out of the race.-Because your needs are important.
I've written another piecefor Girl Croosh.
It's called"The Case Against Mr. Peanutbutter."
When I hit this button,the post goes live.
Diane, don't.
I don't want to.And I won't, if you drop out of the race.
Jesus, Diane. You can't do that.
Because you're the only one allowedto make decisions for this family?
No. Because it's gonna come offas a weird lovers' spat
and it's just going to embarrass everyone.
-Well, I'm sorry if I embarrass you.-Oh, come on.
You told me you weren't going to frack,and now I can't
turn on a faucet in my own homewithout getting third-degree burns.
Oh, I get it. So like always,you're mad at someone,
so your solution is to airyour dirty laundry for everyone to see.
No. This is not about us.I don't want you to be governor
because you would be bad at it,because you don't stand for anything.
-[chiming]-No! [grunts]
[groans and grunts]
Hey!
Don't you dare.Robert Blake gave me that mug.
[grunts]
No! Oh, you...
[panting]
[grunts]
-I don't...-Shut up. Take off your shirt.
[panting and moaning]
[panting]
-[moaning and panting, muffled]-[clattering]
-[Mr. Peanutbutter howls]-[groans]
-[panting]-[moaning]
-Frack me, Mr. Peanutbutter!-[grunting and panting]
Frack me!
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
- ♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪- ♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 4 ep. 5 
















Oh, no. No, no.No, no, no, no, no.
Sorry to interrupt your lunch,but there was another mass shooting.
Oh, God, where?
A town outside Tampa called--
Not geographically, dipshit.What's the location?
What is it, a pharmacy? A haberdashery?
-It was a shopping mall.-No!
-Ms. Taken is coming out next month.-I know, sir.
The whole third actrevolves around Courtney Portnoy
shooting people in a mall.
What are we supposed to do now,not release the movie?
I hope it doesn't come to that.
I am sick and tiredof real-life gun violence
getting in the way of us telling storiesthat glamorize gun violence.
Why does this keep happening?Has the whole world gone crazy?
No, we've just been conditionedby a rugged individualist culture
woven into the savage architectureof our country itself,
birthed as it wasthrough violent uprising,
but perhaps popularizedin the modern imagination by stories of--
Okay, Chomsky, when I want you to talk,
I'll staple a string to your backand then yank it.
Why not make yourself useful
and schedule a sit-downwith Courtney Portnoy's team
to talk about how we distance ourselvesfrom this fakakte mishegoss.
Got it.Except for the foccacia Michigan part.
Excuse me, could you point mein the direction of an H&amp;M?
Sure. But when you get there,you're gonna be DOA.
Uh-uh. You picked the wrong shopaholicto mess with.
Because this shopaholic'salso a holic for revenge.
-[gunfire]-Die, scum! [laughing]
Courtney Portnoy-vey.
[theme music playing]
-Wow. Carla Mercedes Benzbrown.-Yep.
-My mother.-That's right.
[clears throat]
-I lied!-What?
There's no Carla Mercedes Benzbrown.
-I have no idea who your mother is.-What?
I don't want to have a relationshiplying to each other.
Okay, so why did you lie to me?
I meant everything else I said.
I'll do everything I canto help find your mom.
To be honest, moms aren't all that great.
In fact, in my experience,they're soulless succubi
born fully formed from the ass of Satan.
Oh, my grandmothersounds like quite a character.
-Can I meet her?-Oh, my mom?
No, you cannot meet my mombecause she's... dead.
-Oh.-Dead mom.
BoJack, what happenedto the fudgesicles I bought?
-I lied again. My mom's not dead.-Stop lying to me!
That was, like, 15 minutes of lie.Plus, you don't want to meet my mom.
I do. Where does she live?
Oh, this spectacular elder care facility,
she has her own private roomwith a nice view,
'round-the-clock medical care,
and plenty of other seniorsto say casually cruel things to
under a passive-aggressive veilof plausible deniability.
What's this place called?
I want to say Whispering Pines.Whistling Pines?
Unbelievable.
Something with a W. Winter's Bone?
-Take me there.-[groans] Fine!
-For real this time?-Yes. I promise.
I am not gonna lie to you ever again.
-Did you eat the last fudgesicle?-No.
I lied. I lied about the fudgesicle.
[gun cocks]
All this time you thoughtI was just another damsel in distress,
-but I'm afraid you were mis... guided.-[gun cocks]
-[gunfire]-[screaming]
Oh... oh.
-[groans] That is not good.-Okay.
Everybody set a Google Alertfor "mass shooting."
Can't keep getting caughtoff guard.
This is so sad.
You always hear about mass shootingsaffecting other people's movie openings,
but you never think they're gonnaaffect your movie opening. [sobs]
My thoughts and prayersto the victims and their families.
-Of course. Yeah, thoughts and prayers.-Thoughts and prayers.
Tragedy like thisreally puts things in perspective.
Like, what are we doingsitting in a conference room?
Life is short. We should havethis meeting at a water park.
Whoa! A water parkwhere people have meetings.
-Maybe that's the movie.-I'm sorry, who is this schmuck?
I'm Courtney's asexual fake fiancé.
He's a common person/supermodel,
being engaged to him makes me appearmore approachable/glamorous.
Okay-slash-whatever. We still have timeto cut the mall shootout from the film.
That still leavesthe movie theater shootout,
-the shootout at the county fair, the---[vibrations and buzzing]
We should probably losethe movie theater shootout.
Right. Well, we still havethe county fair shootout.
-[vibrations and buzzing]-Oh, dear.
-This is a sad day.-What?
I gotta take this.
-BoJack?-Hi.
-Where have you been?-Listen.
I'm sorry.I was an awful boyfriend to you.
I was an awful client,and I was an awful friend.
This last year I spent some time away
and it made me realizehow special the people in my life are.
And you might bethe most special of them all.
Wow, BoJack.
[chuckles]I-- I appreciate that.
Anyway, the real reason I'm calling is,
do you remember the nameof that super nice elder care facility
that we both agreed was the best placefor my mom to run out the clock?
Oh, pluck a duck.It's called Walnut Springs.
Walnut Springs!I knew there was a W in there. Bye!
-[sighs]-[ringing]
What?
I feel like I didn't strike the right tonein the last phone call.
I really am sorry,and the most important thing is,
you know how dedicated I amto making things right again.
Okay. Thank you.
Anyway, the real reason I'm calling is,
turns out there's a few Walnut Springsesin the SoCal area.
It's the one in Santa Barbara, dummy!
-Yeesh! Cranky much? Who died?-A lotta people!
-[panting]-Sorry, what did I miss?
Courtney's beloved was outlining his planto curtail gun violence.
I'm just saying,if people have the right pumped-up kicks,
maybe they can outrun the bullets.
All this talk of gun violenceis depressing.
-Ms. Taken is a movie about empowerment.-That's what I've been saying!
It's Bridget Joneswith slightly more bloody murdering.
We just have to keep the storyon Courtney,
and not on the depressinglyunstoppable rise
of real-life gun violence in this country,thoughts and prayers.
-Thoughts and prayers.-Thoughts and prayers.
-[All Things Considered theme playing]-Oh.
[cell phone vibrating]
[Robert Siegel] The House Majority Whipoutlined a new bipartisan plan
to encourage youto answer your ringing phone.
[Audie Cornish] For Thursday, October 12,this is All Rings Considered.
-I'm Robert Siegel.-And I'm Audie Cornish.
The proposed bill would take effectwhen someone tries to call you
-and you hear this ringtone.-[vibrating]
-Hello?-Diane!
I got an exclusive for you.
You are going to write a glowing featureabout my client and her new movie.
-Why would I...-You know Courtney Portnoy.
You probably recall when she soaredas the thorny horticulturist
in One Sordid FortnightWith the Short-Skirted Sorceress.
-Uh...-How would you enjoy joining Portnoy
for a scorched soy porterhouse porkfour-courser at Koi?
-Wait, what?-Glorify your source,
but don't make it feel forced, of course,and try the borscht. Smooches!
-Hey---And that's how you do it, folks.
Oh... [gasps]
You're telling meyou didn't feel one twinge of guilt
when you left your mom in this place?
Uh... twinge of guilt, twinge of guilt,trying to remember, no.
-Definitely not.-Damn.
You didn't know my mom.
Football?You don't have the haunches for it.
You'll only embarrass yourself,as in every other endeavor you pursue.
-But, Mom...-If you're looking to get knocked around
for an afternoon, why don't you just readone of your father's manuscripts
and tell him his proseis pedestrian and derivative?
Works for me every time.
[inhales and puffs]
Mrs. Horseman, you have a visitor.
Oh, uh...
-Hi, Mom.-Do I know you?
Here we go.Yes, Mom, I never visit. You got me.
-Henrietta?-Okay, we're doing this?
I think she really doesn't knowwho you are.
She knows.This is just like when she pretended
not to recognize meafter my shaky choir solo in eighth grade.
I had to get a ride home with the pianist
who liked to tickle a lot morethan just the ivories.
When I made it home unscathed, she said,"Huh. I guess no one wants you."
Henrietta, could I trouble youfor some orange juice, please?
Stop calling me Henrietta!Nobody here's named Henrietta!
Henrietta, orange juice. Now!
You're not being paidfor polite conversation.
-BoJack, maybe you should just---Oh, hello! It's you.
Hollyhock.
I must apologize for Henrietta.She learned to read on secondhand books.
Mom, do you really not know who I am?Me, famous BoJack?
If you are getting orange juice,I'd love a glass too.
Oh. Uh, okay.
So you seeI'm really quite ordinary and relatable.
Yeah, you put your pants onone leg at a time.
Well, I step into my pantsone leg at a time,
then my trouser-maidens lift the legssimultaneously to avoid wrinklage.
Well, right, of course,why else have trouser-maidens?
-Hey. Konichiwa, Princess Mulan.-Just leave us alone, okay?
I was giving you a compliment.
First, konichiwa is not a compliment,it's Japanese for hello.
Second, I'm not Japanese.
Maybe I could put somethingin that sweet mouth of yours
-so you don't have to talk so much.-Whoa!
One more step, asshole.
-What...-Whoa, whoa, whoa!
I was joking.I don't want any trouble.
-Tell your story walking.-...the...
shit was that?
I don't know! My instincts just kicked in.
Why do you even have a gun?
Well, using it in the moviewas so empowering,
and now I just carry it everywhere.Do you want to hold it?
No, I am very anti-gun.
In fact, I think the whole idea of gunsis inherently--
Holy shit, I'm holding a gun.How long has this been in my hand?
-Slides right in, doesn't it?-It actually feels kind of nice.
Would you like to try shooting it?We can go to my gun range.
You have your own gun range?
I'm Courtney Portnoy.I have all the things.
[clicking]
[breathless gasp] Whoa...
[Bea] I can't believe you came back.
-Who, me? Or BoJack?-You look just like him.
-People tell me that.-[groans]
Your mother's dementiais progressing rapidly.
-You came out of nowhere.-Yes.
I snuck up on you on purpose as a symbolfor the alarming creep of dementia.
-It isn't there, until it is.-Thank you, very colorful.
We tried to call you,but the number you gave us
-connected to a sandwich shop in Temecula.-Is that right?
This is the most responsiveshe's been in weeks.
I think with regular visitsfrom you and your daughter--
That's not happening.
Seeing my momis like a Terrence Malick movie.
Every ten years or so is bearable,
but more than thatand it starts to get annoying.
She won't last another ten years.
-Well, I guess that's it, then. Bye, Mom!-Huh?
Come on, Hollyhock,let's blow this Jell-O stand.
We're gonna come back though, right?
We can't just leave her like this.
You can do anythingif you believe in yourself.
-We have to come back.-[Bea] Henrietta?
-Every week.-Why?
Because she's your motherand dementia is hereditary.
One day, you're gonna bein a home like this, and so will I,
and wouldn't you wantsomeone visiting you?
[groans] Fine.We'll come back. Happy?
 Where's my orange juice, slag?
[gulping]
Ahhh!
[gulping]
Ahhh!See ya next week.
[humming]
-Hey, are we out of milk?-I can pick up some after work.
Great. Also, real quick follow-up,why are you holding a gun?
Oh, my God!
Did I drive all the way homewithout realizing I was holding a gun?
No wonder that guy at the gas stationdidn't charge me for the Red Vines.
[gasps] Did I rob a gas station?
Classic Diane shenanigans.
Or as I call them, "Diane-igans."All right, be safe.
-[smooches]-[sighs]
Hmm.
[Diane] Let's get one thingout of the way right now.
If you're a man,you're not gonna get it.
Some of you think you get it.You want to get it.
You listen, nodand say all the right things
when we tell you our stories.
But you still can't actually knowwhat it feels like
-to constantly have your guard up.-[wolf whistle]
In parking garages,walking the street, even at work.
I'm tired of tryingto help men understand
how it feels to be a woman.
Starting now,I'm doing what it takes
to put the power in my own hands.
That's why I own a gun.
-That was our senior picnic.-Oh.
Oh, here I am. There's Polio Larry.
Yup, she sure remembersall the important people.
-[Hollyhock] And who's this?-[Bea] That's my brother, Crackerjack.
That's not Crackerjack, that's me.
Thirty secondsafter that picture was taken
you yelled at mefor getting ice cream on my shorts.
No ice cream for me, Henrietta.I'm watching my figure.
Yeah, you want to look prettyfor when Death comes to visit.
Beth? No.
We stopped talkingafter she wouldn't eat my casserole
and then I told the whole supper clubthat her son was a gay.
-Ooh.-Okay. You two enjoy each other.
I'm gonna go seeif I can seduce a lonely dowager
into giving me her night-night pills.
Wow. Is this you?
-[Bea] This is me at my debutante ball.-You were so beautiful.
You could be thin, too.Just go easy on the sweets
and when you go somewhere,don't walk, gallop.
Ice cold, Grammy-gram.
[both] Morning time, Hollywoo!
I'm A Ryan Seacrest Type.
And I'm A Billy Bush Type.
Here's somethingI'm just now reading on a cue card.
All the ladiesare getting concealed carry permits.
It's the newest thing.
I wouldn't want to be aroundone of those ladies
at a certain time of the month,if you know what I mean.
[laughs] I don't.
Joking aside, I think it's greatthese gals have a hobby.
Oh, and I'm being told by our producersthat we have a breaking news alert--
-there has been another mass shooting.-[groans]
I am totally unqualifiedto cover a news story this important.
But as a straight white male,I will plow forward with confidence
and assume I'm doing fine.
[groans] Again with the crazy gunmen.
Princess Carolyn, if this keeps up,
we're gonna have to put this movieon the shelf
next to that wacky vacation comedy we didabout the klutzy babysitter.
-[Todd] Ha! That sounds hilarious!-What the hell are you doing on this call?
Imagining that funny movieyou just described.
Okay, what do all these shootingshave in common?
Guns? Bullets? Who are you,Art Linkletter? Just spit it out.
Men! What if we played upthe "Ms." in Ms. Taken?
In a world of increasing terror,
our movie tells womenthey don't have to be afraid anymore.
-Yeah, now you're talking.-When you put it that way,
it almost sounds like these mass shootingscould be a good thing for the movie.
No, no, no, of course not.They're a terrible tragedy.
Thoughts and prayersare with the victims.
-Right, thoughts and prayers.-But...
anything that makes women feel unsafemight actually help our box office.
But you don't want women to feel unsafe.
Of course not!
Nobody wants that,nobody's saying that.
But if they already do feel unsafe,
there's no reason not to capitalize.
Right, if they already feel unsafe anyway.
Exactly, we're not making themfeel unsafe.
We're just profiting, albeit indirectly,from there being more mass shootings.
[cell phone vibrates]
In that case,I got good news and I got bad news.
Bad news isyou're gonna want to avoid the 405.
-Ta-da!-Ugh! Keep it down.
Why are you carrying that thin hard book?
It's not a book, it's a DVD case.
We did a special episode about elder care.
Now we're gonna watch itand learn how to handle this bitch.
When you say "this bitch",
do you mean your mom's dementiaor your mom?
I think you can pick that upthrough context.
Season two, episode 12.
"I'm Ready For My Close-Up,Mr. Dementia."
-I'll go lie down.-[music plays]
-Hey, Ethan, who's your friend?-[Olivia] Ethan made a friend?
This old man followed me homefrom the park.
-Can I keep him?-[audience] Aww.
-[The Horse] Here we go, again.-[laughter and applause]
-BoJack?-Mom?
Hush, Henrietta.That's my son on the television.
-You know him?-I think I'd know my own son, wouldn't I?
[Ethan] You heard the boss man.
Guess your daughter, the bikini model,will have to pick you up at the park.
Daughter, the bikini model?
Whoa, whoa, Ethan,this man is our guest!
[laughs]
Uh...
Huh.
[clears throat]
-You know I hate guns, right?-I know.
Although my official statedpolitical opinion
is I respect the Second Amendmentbut I think some gun purchases
should require the barest amount of background checks.
Mr. Peanutbutter,you know I hate guns, too.
Or I thought I did. Or I still do, mostly.
But being a gun owner finally makes mefeel as safe walking down the street
as a man gets to feel all the time.
And that's an incredible feelingI'm not ready to give up yet.
If you can frack under our house,I should get to have a gun.
All right, that's fair.
I'm really proud we've found a way
to keep our personal livesand our political lives compartmentalized.
Me, too.
-You have no idea...-Yes. I have no idea?
-Is your bubble of privilege so thick...-What's with humans and guns?
You're addicted to these things.
And what is it with menand not wanting women to feel safe?
-I don't---This is a gendered issue...
-Excuse me!-...make no mistake.
-I don't think women...-You can't sympathize...
...running around with gunsmakes anybody safer.
-Yeah. That's the danger.-I don't--
-Excuse me.-Not the men
who commit 90 percent of murders,it's the crazy hysterical women
you gotta worry about!
[grunting and moaning]
[Diane] Yes, yes! Fill my chamberwith your powerful bullets!
Beatrice, look who's back.
And we brought more Horsin' Around.
Oh? Good.
Because you love that BoJack, right?
Well, he's not much of a son,but the show can be a comfort sometimes.
[exhales]
They were playing your dumb showin his hospital room.
Which dumb show? New one or old one?
In the episode I saw, you walked inon your daughter in the shower.
The old one. That episode got us
into the TV Guide"Cheers and Jeers" column.
We did not get a "Cheers."
You always could play the fool, BoJack.
We have to have this conversation now,on the way to Dad's funeral?
[sighs] There was so much moreI wanted to say to him.
Well... you can forget it now.
[laughs]
[Olivia] And since you saw me naked,that means I get to see you naked!
[The Horse] Something tells meI'm gonna regret this.
-[audience laughing]-[groans]
Out of the way, hag,you're blocking the screen.
Uh-huh.
I know this must be painful for you.
Not painful, boring. This place sucks.
If I'm not getting creditfor coming, what's the point?
If only there was some way for herto connect the BoJack from the show
with the BoJack who visits her every week.
-Yeah, too bad we can't. Or can we?-Can we what?
Put on a live episodeof Horsin' Around in the nursing home.
-Good thinking, Hollyhock.-Uh...
We'll do a Horsin' Aroundhere at the home.
She'll love itbecause it's her son BoJack.
-Okay...-Then after the show,
I'll come out and say hello.And she'll say, "BoJack? Is that you?"
When her eyes spark with recognition,
I'm gonna sit down next to her,I'm gonna squeeze her hand
and get real close and say...
-"Fuck you, Mom."-What?
I can finally tell her off!I'm gonna say, "Look at you,
you old piece of shit,rotting in a nursing home!"
-Now I have the power!-That's what you want to say to her?
Oh, it's gonna be great!I can't wait to see the look on her face.
Okay, let's do this. Let's put on a show!
[ringing]
-Hey!-Bad news.
Hear about the mass shootingoutside Tulsa?
Terrible tragedy.Thoughts and prayers.
We really have to do somethingabout these men who go...
No, P.C. This time it was a woman.
A woman mass shooter?Oh, no, that really is bad news!
I just think this is what happenswhen you give women guns.
They start shooting people with them.
I mean, do they even knowwhat guns are for?
I don't feel safe anymorewalking down my own street alone at night.
Me, a man!
I am convening a seriesof congressional hearings
on the matter of women and guns.
Because even one deathfrom the bullet of a female gun owner
is too many.
What are my constituents supposed to do,
not complimentrandom women on the street
because they might becarrying a gun?
We cannot allow our livesto be dictated by that kind of fear.
So you see, the trigger was specificallydesigned for a man's grip
and a man's temperament.
Look, all I'm saying is
maybe you shouldn't blame womenfor wanting guns.
Maybe you should blamethe constant societal messaging
that tells us we are safe only as longas the men around us allow us to be.
So if you have a problemwith women carrying firearms,
you can roll up your sleevesand actually work to create a society
where women feel safe and equal,or you can just ban all guns.
-[gavel banging]-The ayes have it.
Possession of any firearm is now illegalin the state of California.
We did it, boys.
-Huzzah!-Yes!
-Congratulations!-Fabulous!
I thought that was gonna go the other way.
Wow, Diane.You just passed sensible gun legislation.
I can't believe this country hates womenmore than it loves guns.
No?
BoJack, I don't know about this.
You'll be fine.Just remember to enunciate.
It helps if you imagineperforming for the back row.
-Not that. I mean...-Shh! Here they come. Gladys, hit it!
[plays Horsin' Around theme]
Too bad I could never run for president,'cause I love waffling!
Wha-- What is this?
Olivia, you usually lovemy breakfast humor.
Why so glum, sugarplum?
It's this algebra homeworkthat gives me the blues.
-X-axis? Y-axis?-[panting and gasping]
Where's the 'Y'-should-I-care axis?
Henrietta, what are you doing?
BoJack, maybe we should stop.
We just started. Let's at leastget through the first act
before we judge ourselvestoo harshly, huh?
I wonder if there's a wayto make math fun.
-[Hollyhock] Math will never be fun.-[clicking]
-The only thing I like is rap music songs.-[groaning and panting]
Make this stop. How do I turn this off?
Don't change it.I want to see if this married couple
can work through their differences.
-Gimme the remote!-This isn't right!
-Guys, sharing is caring!-[grunts]
Oh, my God. Code red, code red!
What is happening? I don't like this!
No!
-[Bea] Let go of me.-Oh, God.
I am the heiressto the Sugarman Sugarcube Company.
You can't do this to me!
[screaming]
I never get to watch what I want.
You think we shouldstill finish the episode, or...?
Our insurance policyis very strict and very clear.
Once a resident becomes violent,we can no longer house them.
Can you recommend another facility?
Frankly, at your mother's rateof deterioration,
she probably doesn't have much time.
I recommend she spend it surroundedby the people who care about her.
Okay, who are they?Do you have their number?
-I was referring to you and your daughter.-Oh. Uh...
We'll take her.She can have the guest room,
-and I can sleep on the couch. Right?-[groans]
Okay. If she really doesn't havemuch time left.
But if we get to this time next year,she's still hanging on,
you will be gettinga very strongly worded letter, mister.
Excuse me, could you point mein the direction of an H&amp;M?
-Sure.-[click]
That's all we got,once we took out all the guns.
Maybe it could workas an H&amp;M commercial?
It's a shame. It was a great movie.
[sighs] Yeah.Cut down in the prime of its life.
Well, I'm very sorry for your loss.
Eh, I'll be fine.
Hey, Beatrice, you hungry?I could make Pop-Tarts.
[Bea] No, thank you.
You want to watchanother Horsin' Around episode?
What's the point?
-Oh.-[growls]
Oh, God.
I'm sorry you didn't getto tell your mom off.
I keep thinkingabout all the things I never said
because I was so surethere'd be other days to say them.
-Why don't you tell her now?-It's not the same.
I should have done itback when she knew who I was,
back when it would mean something.
But now, she's gonna die
and she's never gonna knowjust how much I hate her.
I'm sure she knew, BoJack.
-Yeah? You're not just saying that?-She read your book, didn't she?
[sighs] Yeah, but I really wantedto say it to her face.
Well, hey, she's here now, right?And she has good days and bad days.
Maybe, eventually, she'll recognize you.And then you can totally rip into her.
-You really think so?-Mm-hmm.
[chuckles]
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪
[man] Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 4 ep. 6
















[BoJack] Piece of shit.Stupid piece of shit.
You're a real stupid piece of shit.But I know I'm a piece of shit.
That makes me betterthan all the pieces of shit
who don't know they're pieces of shit.
Or is it worse? Breakfast.
Oh, I don't deserve breakfast. Shut up.
Don't feel sorry for yourself.Get breakfast, you stupid fat-ass.
These are cookies. This is not breakfast.
You are eating cookies. Stop it.
Stop eating cookies,go make yourself breakfast.
Stop it. Don't eat one more cookie.
Put that down. Do not eat that cookie.
-[crunching]-I can't believe you ate that cookie.
-Hey, BoJack, we need milk.-For the baby.
-For the what?-Where is the baby? I saw...
-Can I borrow your car?-What baby?
I don't know.Tina's gonna make breakfast.
She needs milk.Can I take the car or what?
[thinking] Shit.I don't want her driving my car,
getting her grubby hands all over.
She's not grubby, she's your daughter,you piece of garbage.
You're a piece of garbage,a real shitty piece of garbage.
Uh...
Think, idiot. If she takes the car,you're trapped here with Mom
and her spooky lazy eyes.
If you get the milkand leave Hollyhock with Mom,
she could tell things about you,
poison your daughter against you,that what you want?
Okay, how about, um... Hold on.
[thinking] They're looking.Say something!
Open your idiot dumb mouth!
I will get milk.
[door opens, closes]
[thinking] Milk, milk.What are they talking about now?
Probably you and what a dumb pieceof trash you are, you fat sack of idiot.
Why not do the world a favorand swerve into oncoming traffic?
No, you don't deserve to die young,only the greats die young.
Oh, now you think you're youngall of a sudden?
One drink.
Whoa. Is it night suddenly?
Suddenly sundown.
Suddenly "Sooze-town."
What was that show?"Suddenly Sooze-town?"
Brooke Shields... something?
Show was on for five years and nownobody-- Oh, my God, is that life?
You're there, you do your thing,and then people forget.
"Forget it, Jake. It's Sooze-town."
Is that me?Am I the Suddenly Sooze-town of people?
Shit.
-[groans]-[door closes]
Oh, shit. You gotta drive.Sober up, buddy.
Here we go, sober... now!
Sober, now!
Come on, you drunk piece of shit,be less drunk.
Now! Okay.
[alarm blaring]
[screeching]
Idiot. What'd you do all day?Piece of shit.
That's a day you'll never get back.What was that? You're a real piece of--
-Where have you been?-Uh...
Did you get the milk?
Uh...
[theme music playing]
[thinking] Stupid piece of shit.
Oh, God. [groaning]
If you're looking for the milkTina ended up getting,
Tina is using it to make us all breakfast.
[growls]
Well, it's about time someonepulls their weight around here.
Henrietta, you should makea healthy breakfast.
-Okay, that's enough from you.-For the baby.
No one loves a Fatty Patty.
-[groans]-[Bea] Uh-oh.
[thinking] Is my houseon a slant or something?
-[Bea] This wall needs to be painted.-I'm gonna go.
You don't want to stick around,eat breakfast together?
Great pitch, love your energy.It's a pass.
[thinking] What are you doing?Go home.
You're parked on Mulholland doing nothing, you could be eating breakfast
with your long-lost daughterand dying mother.
You are a terrible person.
-[horn honking]-Use the shoulder, asshole!
He gets it.
[laughs] I know,I wanted to tell you right away.
-Right this way.-Oh, I gotta go. See you tonight.
If it isn't my favorite client,Courtney Portnoy,
and also another client, Todd.
It's always nice to be includedin a sentence someone says.
So bad news first: Ms. Takenwas a miserable failure.
-Princess Carolyn---But Courtney, more importantly,
audiences are going to adoreyour tour de force performance
as the forceful denim-clad court reporterin The Court Reporter Sported Jorts,
the jet-setting jort-sportingcourt reporter story.
Yes, the film is spectacularly romanticand well-titled,
but I need a change in representation.
No! Courtney! Before you fire me--
I'm not gonna fire you.Heavens, no! I fired my agents.
Oh, good. Yeah, agents are replaceable.
A manager is forever.That's the takeaway here.
I think you'll fall in lovewith my new agent.
-Love her already. Who is she?-He.
Yes, he, he, ha, ha.[chuckles]
-Now tell me her name.-Rutabaga Rabitowitz.
Oh, fish.
We got a nice bounceoff of Court's engagement.
"Court" is what I'm calling Courtneyfor wordplay-related reasons
that'll become apparentat the end of this sentence,
but that bounce has lost its pounce,
and if we want to keepthis name in the news,
we're going to need a full-court press.
So what do you do after an engagement?
D-d-d-doy!Wedding of the century.
Whoa!
We're talking floral arrangements.We're talking procession of elephants.
We're talking Jaden Smithin a Clockwork Orange costume,
reading a poem he wrote...
Does that poem rhyme? No!What are you, crazy? Of course it doesn't.
And, uh-oh, was someone lookingfor Sebastian Janikowski,
because here's the kicker--
we do the whole thing the weekendbefore the movie drops. Bam!
-Weekend before the movie drops?-Boom!
-That's this weekend.-Ka-zow!
-Four days from today.-Ooh.
Today? That's today!
Which is why it's so perfect.No notice is the new notice.
This wedding is so fancywe don't care if you have other plans.
-Total status move.-You're right.
Being engaged is one thing,
but I'm not sureI want to actually get married.
We can draw up a standardHollywoo sham-marriage contract:
-three years, non-exclusive, huge payday.-Oh.
And I presumeyou'll be arranging everything.
As Courtney's agent I'm happy to help,but I believe traditionally
it's the bride's managerwho plans the wedding.
[groans] Okay.
[thinking] Idiot. Stupid animal. Oaf.
[Bea] You are just the prettiest thing.
-Yes, you are.-Who are you talking to?
Keep it down, oaf.You'll make the baby cry.
-Baby?-Yes, you are.
She kept asking where the baby was,so I had Tina get her this doll.
-She's totes into it.-Mom is "totes" into a baby?
Is it possible the babygot dipped in brandy at some point?
Or cigarettes, or regressive ideasabout immigrants?
-I think she just wanted a baby.-Coochie-coochie-coo...
You shouldn't indulge her delusions.It's not right.
But she seemed really down.And you're never around anymore.
It was getting depressing to look at her.
That's why I made her this pillowcase.
You just put this over her headand everything is fine.
-[groans]-[Bea] Dark in here.
-[growls]-Hello?
So they're airing an F.H.B.A. Miamimarathon this weekend.
Does anyone want to come over?
Oh, I actually have a big announcement.
I'm marrying Courtney Portnoythis weekend.
-Wow! Great, Todd. Good for you.-That's amazing.
I know it's pretty wild for an asexualto get married, but...
Not really. John and I are acesand we're married.
-Really?-Yeah.
Our wedding was nautical-themed.
Why nautical?Is that, like, an asexual thing?
No, man. We just really like boats.
Asexual just meansyou're not interested in sex.
Some asexuals are also a-romantic,
but others have relationshipslike anyone else.
But involving boats?
I feel like you're getting really hung upon the boats thing.
So, it's not weirdfor an ace to get married?
No, if you found someone who reallyaccepts you for who you are, go for it.
I will! I mean, I am. I mean, am I?
♪ Beautiful eggs of '44 ♪
♪ For my baby, want some more ♪
Mmm! Beatrice, this coffee is amazing.
[groans]
[thinking] You stupid garbage fire.Everything sucks.
BoJack, did you seewhat your mother is doing?
Isn't it incredible?
Yeah, making breakfastat three in the afternoon. So with it.
Isn't this baby well-behaved?Hardly ever cries.
Probably because you're sucha good mother, Beatrice.
Don't say that.
I was very nervousto have a baby in the house,
but it turns out,all it needed is a mother's love.
Oh, when you grow up,you can be anything you want to be.
[thinking] Lousy baby.What did it ever do that was so great?
Am I jealous of a doll?
Maybe if that doll wasn't so smug,looking at me with its creepy doll eyes...
She's tricking you, Hollyhock.
-This is not what she's really like.-Who cares?
Whatever beef you have with your mom,that's just a sweet confused old lady.
-[thinking] She's right.-Wrong. She's in there.
-She knows exactly what she's doing.-You are so paranoid.
Please stop fighting.All this shouting is bad for the baby.
Where was that keen parenting insight50 years ago?
[gasps] Henrietta,you're unfit to be a parent.
-I'm unfit?-[thinking] It's true, jackass.
You think it's so hardto be a parent to a doll? I could do that.
Hey, look, I'm cradling the baby.Hope I don't drop it!
[gasps]
Oh, no! I dropped it, but it's not crying.
Guess it's okay. I'm an amazing parent.
What if I left it in its room all dayand didn't feed it or change it?
Oh, that's okay, too.I must be mother of the year!
-BoJack.-I know! What if for 18 years straight
I just tell it how worthless it isevery day, how it embarrasses me,
how my life would be betterif it was never born?
Would that be a good idea?Probably, right?
Give me the baby back, you worthless wasteof my husband's jism!
-Oh, so you do know who I am.-Govern yourself, Henrietta.
Hey, you think the baby would be okayif I threw it over the side of my deck?
-Probably, right?-[Bea gasps]
BoJack, don't.
[thinking] Do it.
Nah, I'm just kidding around.Here you go, Mom.
Oh, no! My hands are so slippery!
Oh, no! Oh, oh, oh!
No!
[thinking] Nice arm.
-[sobbing]-Why did you do that?
-[growling]-You goddamn piece of shit idiot asshole.
This is what you do.This is what you always do.
This is why Mom loves Doll more than you.She's right. Doll never hurt anybody.
Doll wouldn't throw youover the side of a mountain.
Gotta make things right.Gotta get Doll back.
Okay, one drink. And then, Doll back.
You screw-up.You're making your daughter hate you.
Which is good, because look what happenswhen people love you.
Look at Penny. And Herb. And Sarah Lynn.
It's because you made them love you,BoJack.
You gotta fix this, dummy.How can you fix this?
Princess Carolyn?She hates your guts.
Todd? No.Diane? Yes! Oh, good.
Good old responsible Diane,she'll know what to do.
Oh... aah...
-[groaning]-Oh.
"California can't wait."
Am I Ace of Base right now?
Because all that I wantis another one of these babies.
BoJack Horseman?
What is this, a will.i.am-stylecelebrity endorsement video?
-Where's Diane?-Oh, she's on the roof.
Boy, will she be surprisedto see you. Diane!
[thinking] What are you doing?
No, not like this.She doesn't know I'm here.
First time she sees mecan't be drunk asking for help.
-What's wrong? You need help?-Idiot.
You gotta get me outta here.Where did I park?
-Um...-Beep. Beep, beep?
You shouldn't be driving right now.
Why don't I make like Eddie Moneyand take you home tonight?
No, I can't go home. Not without Doll.
Also, Eddie Money doesn't dothe taking home in "Take Me Home Tonight,"
so if you're taking me home,then I would be Eddie Money.
Okay, something's going on with you.
-It's not like you to be so testy.-Yes, it is.
Everyone, take the rest of the day off.
My pal BoJack needs a friend day.California can wait!
Elton, you have to play this wedding.
We want one of those Stranger Thingskids to be the ring-bearer.
They're still little?
You're gonna do a duetwith a hologram of Nat King Cole.
Or, if that's cost-prohibitive,Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes.
Puberty?Can we give them something for that?
-Great.-Fabulous.
We are killing this.
We are doing to this weddingwhat Rob Durst did to that lady
-and what Fred Durst did to his career.-[door opens]
I have terrible news. It's Meryl Streep.
-[both gasp]-Did Meryl Streep die?
No, she's retiring.
Mr. McGregor!
You cannot just walk into a room and say,"I have terrible news about Meryl Streep."
Her retirement partyis scheduled for this Saturday.
All of Hollywoo will be attending.
This Saturday? No, no, no!
How is #TortneyChortnoysupposed to compete with that?
We're toast.
Unless, uh, we could somehow get Merylto postpone her party?
Hmm... what if we put togethera project so enticing
she couldn't help but climb aboard?
-One more gig...-Means no more retirement.
But what could we possibly offer herthat she hasn't already done?
-Ah. What does every actor want to do?-Direct.
-Direct!-Yeah.
But the dream of any directoris to work with Meryl Streep.
You think Meryl wants to directa bunch of actors who aren't Meryl Streep?
-Hah! What a nightmare!-Okay, all right. Okay, fine.
But, okay, okay, and this...
What if all the actors in the moviewere Meryl Streep?
-What? No!-Are you suggesting some sort of
Nutty Professor II: The Klumpstype situation
where Meryl Streep plays every role?
Bingo-bongo, weirdo-beardo.All the greats have done it.
Peter Sellers, Sir Alec Guinness,Flo from the Progressive ads.
Let's take this to the Streep.
Hey, look. Maybe this is a baby?
-Mmm.-[door opens]
-Welcome...-Hey, hey!
...to the nightmare, non-sexy version ofThree's Company that my life has become.
Oh, good. Instead of gettingthe doll back, like you said you would,
you disappeared for a few hoursand found a friend.
For your information, we are on the case.
Just need a whiff of your momto track the scent.
Uh, excuse me, young lady,I'm looking for a Beatrice,
but you're way too young and attractiveto be that mean old crone.
-What?-What are you doing?
[sniffing] Okay, I'm picking upon some fruity overtones.
Oak, desert sage... [chuckles]No, I'm just kidding around.
It's smelling humor.
Is this the best timeto be workshopping your tight five?
[sniffing] Okay, got it.Ooh, this way?
[sniffing] No! No, no. That way!
-[glasses clattering]-[sniffing]
Out the door! Come on! Here we go!
-[groans]-[door opens, shuts]
[sniffing]
[thinking] Look at him. Not a carein the world. How does he do it?
[sniffs] This is the place.
[doorbell rings]
-Oh, hi, I'm---BoJack Horseman.
-Felicity Huffman?-Looking for this?
-Yes!-Well, keep looking, buddy!
You're a real piece of shit,you know that?
Yes.
[grunting]
So, instead of talkingthrough your issues,
your new thingis to just get in really big fights
and then have hot angry sex?
-Yeah, but it kind of works.-Does it?
I'm sorry,I feel like we always talk about me.
What's going on with you, Roxie?
-I'm actually glad you asked, I...-[grunts] Okay.
Hey, Diane, can I get your adviceon something?
-Yeah, of course. I'm not doing anything.-Um...
So, I have this friend,
and his nameis Darnarius McQuimberton.
Oh, yeah,I think I read an article about him
in Real, Not Made-Up, Person Magazine.
Darnarius is supposed to get marriedthis weekend.
And it's going to be an amazing wedding,but it's kind of based on a lie.
Should he go through with it?
Well, all weddings are lies, right?Sort of.
You're making this big declaration
about how you're gonna staywith this person forever,
but you don't actually know that.
You're just saying it.The whole thing is a farce.
-Yeah, that's true.-But it's a lie based on truth.
Like, at the center of the farce
there's this nuggetof something real and pure.
And that strange beautiful something
is why you put upwith everything else, right?
I guess so.
And sometimes it's hard to rememberthat pure, shining thing
because it's been painted overwith so many arguments
and compromises and disappointments.
But you have to believeit's still down there somewhere,
even if you can't see it.
And maybe even the belief in itis more important than the thing itself,
but only as long as you still believe it.
-Does that make sense?-Yeah. Thanks, Diane.
You've given meand Darquimbertus McNarington
a lot to think about.
That was good advice.I'm, like, a really good friend.
[groans]
[doorbell rings]
-What?-Okay.
So that doll actually belongs to my mom.She's very sick, very frail.
And I know you're really mad at mebecause...
Think, shit-for-brains, think.Why is Felicity Huffman mad at you?
You cut her off in traffic,got her fired off a project,
talked shit about her at an AIDS benefitand didn't realize your mic was on.
I have been living directly underyour house for the last 15 years.
Do you have any idea how much shityou throw over the side of your deck?
Beer bottles, lit cigarettes,scripts where the lead is female.
One time, a mountainof regurgitated cotton candy
sat on that hill for a monthbefore sliding into my hot tub.
Who you think has to deal with that?
I assume your maidor gardener or something?
Well, yeah.But it's still super-obnoxious.
You're not getting that doll back.
Citizens, citizens.
As the future governor of California,
I pride myself on probably being ableto reach compromises
across the ideological spectrum.
-Oh! What if we cut the baby in half?-What?
-Why would we do that?-No.
So you both agree that's a bad idea.
Perhaps you're not so different after all?
-Advantage: Peanutbutter.-How is that...?
Felicity Huffman, you are a beloved starof film and television.
BoJack, you have alsoappeared in film and television.
What's that like? Discuss.
I'm sorry for my acquaintance.I'm actually a big fan.
[thinking] I hopeshe has no follow-up questions.
Really? So you've probablyseen my new show,
-F.H.B.A. Los Angeles.-[thinking] What?
-Yup, love it.-How'd you like to do an arc for sweeps?
[thinking] Ugh, TV? No.I just got out of that sinkhole.
He'll do it, if you give us our doll back.
Hup... ho... hup!
[Princess Carolyn] What's your status?
I have breached Compound Streep.
If I don't make it out of this alive,just know I have already seen heaven
and it is Meryl's rose garden.
-And the offer?-I put it under a big box
that's propped up by a stick.
If she goes to lookand the box falls on her,
she's contractually obligatedto do the movie.
Yeah, I know what"packaging talent" means.
Okay, she's walking up to the box.
She's sniffing around, and...
-[box slides, woman screams]-We got Meryl!
All right! Yes!
[thinking] What if I throw myselfoff my deck
into Felicity Huffman's backyard.
If she found my dead body,that'd show her.
Why are we at a bar?
We're just celebrating getting Doll back.
You don't want to bring the doll backto your mom?
I will. We're just having a drink first.
-Relax.-Okay.
[thinking] He knows you're terrible.
He's the biggest idiot in the world,even he knows you're terrible.
So when did you get a daughter?She's new, right?
-Or was she always part of the gang?-I met her about a month ago.
-Whoa!-Yeah. And it was great, at first.
But now I can feel her getting attached,
and I just knowI'm gonna BoJack things up.
"BoJack things up?"
You mean, show up somewhereand be the life of the party?
Then share a laughwith your good friend, Mr. Peanutbutter?
No, obviously I meant screw everything upuntil she hates me.
I don't think I can take that.
Maybe this time, don't do the thingthat makes her hate you.
I don't want to,but every time she looks at me
with those big innocent eyes,
all I can think aboutis every shitty thing I've ever done,
and I think,"I don't deserve that kind of love."
Look, BoJack, I don't know a lotabout balancing a state budget
-or how a bill becomes a law.-Uh...
I don't know a lot about a lot of things.
But I do know this:everybody deserves to be loved.
[clinking]
So we put together an all-star weddingand a Meryl Streep movie in one day!
-You got to admit, we're a good team.-Rutabaga...
I know it wasn't always smooth sailingfor the Good Ship You and Me,
but now you've got a boyfriendand I've got a family,
and since we have to work together again,we're a good team.
Tell me you didn't miss this.
-Todd is on line two.-Aaah! Do you go through the walls?
Todd! Have you finishedyour groomsmen list?
We gotta figure outhow many parachutes we need.
Uh, guys, I-- I can't marry Courtney.
-What?-No!
I've been doing some thinking,and marriage is like a Tootsie Pop.
The lollipop part is a lie,
but at the center of the liethere's a truth.
That's the Tootsie Roll,and that's why people get married.
But if I married Courtneyit would be a lie without any truth in it,
like a Tootsie Popwith just the lollipop part
and nothing in the middle.
So, a lollipop? That's still pretty good.
[Todd] I guess it's a bad analogy.
But I don't want a fake marriage.
I'm sorry I didn't realize that before.
[sighs] Okay, Todd.You gotta do what's right for you.
Thanks, Princess Carolyn.Whoa--
[groans]
All right, blue sky time. Wedding's off.Can we spin this somehow?
Courtney got jilted,play the sympathy card?
I guess we could put out a statement.
That's your solution?
What happened to the guyfrom this morning with all the big ideas?
Oh, that guy dies at six.This guy's gotta get home.
I got seven kids and a wifewho's really into me co-parenting,
or, as she calls it, "parenting."
Well, can't you tuck the kids into bed,read them some script coverage
of the film adaptation of Good Night Moonand then come back?
-This is important.-Well, my kids are important.
Fine, both things are equally important.
Oh, my God, thank God you're not a mother.
You would be hilarious at it.[sips]
Hey, today was fun.I'll call you in the morning.
We'll figure this out. We'll deal with it.
-[door opens]-[sighs]
If you'd like to never see him again,I have ways of getting rid of him.
What kind of ways?
Asking him politely to not come back.Actually, that's only one way.
I apologize for misleading youabout the number of ways.
He's a jerk, right? It's not just me?
I worked with guys like him at F.M.E.
When I left, I sworeI would never work at a big agency again,
because I can't workwith people like that.
You don't think I'm like that?
No, because you care about peopleother than yourself.
And for what it's worth,you will be a wonderful mother.
-You're not just saying that?-I never just say anything.
I choose words very carefully,
with an eye towards precisionand expediency.
I'm surprised you haven't noticed that.
-Good night, Judah.-Mm-hmm.
[door closes]
[muffled grunts and yells]
Okay. [chuckles]
-It's about time, Henrietta.-You're welcome.
[growls]
[thinking] Go talk to her, idiot.
Drink first. No, you stupid alcoholic.
Talk to your daughter. You're ruining her.You know that, right?
No matter what,your poison is already in her.
There's nothing you can do.That's not true.
Yeah, it is, you stupid piece of shit.
You're a real stupid piece of shit,and everywhere you go you destroy people.
Your mother never loved you.
That's why Sarah Lynn died,Charlotte'll never forgive you.
What you gonna do to Hollyhock?What you gonna do, asshole? Shut up!
[exhales]
Got Doll back. No big deal.
Where do you go,when you disappear all day?
Just drive around.Sometimes I go to a bar.
Sometimes I pull overby the side of the road,
just sit there for hours.
Why?
And you'd rather do that
-than spend time with me?-Hollyhock...
I know you didn't askfor this dorky 17-year-old
to just show up at your door.
And I'm sorry if I'm annoying,but I didn't ask...
-No, Hollyhock, I'm glad you're here.-Oh.
If I'm shitty,that's just because I'm shitty.
You're allowed to be mad at me,but you need to know that whatever I do,
it's not your fault.
I know. I mean, I know,but I don't always know, you know?
Like, sometimes I have this tiny voicein the back of my head that goes, like,
"Hey, everyone hates you!And they're not wrong to feel that way!"
I know what you mean.
That voice, the one that tells youyou're worthless and stupid and ugly?
-Yeah?-It goes away, right?
It's just, like, a dumb teenage-girlthing, but then it goes away?
Yeah.
♪ Take my head and kick it inBreak some bread for all my sins ♪
♪ Say a word, do it soonIt's too quiet in this room ♪
♪ I need noise ♪
♪ I need the buzz of a sub ♪
♪ Need the crack of a whipNeed some blood in the cut ♪
♪ I need noise ♪
♪ I need the buzz of a sub ♪
♪ Need the crack of a whipNeed some blood in the cut ♪
♪ I need noise ♪
♪ I need the buzz of a sub ♪
♪ Need the crack of a whipNeed some blood in the cut ♪
♪ I need noise ♪
♪ I need the buzz of a sub ♪
♪ Need the crack of a whipNeed some blood in the cut ♪
♪ I need blood in the cutI need blood in the cut ♪
[man] Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 4 ep. 7
















[dials rapidly]
[line ringing]
Whew.
-BoJack?-I'm back in L.A.
-I should have called you---Yeah. You should have.
-I said I was sorry.-No, you didn't.
-Okay. Good to hear from you, BoJack.-No--
[sighs] Ugh.
[sighs]
What the...?
Okay, thank you.
What's going on here?
Fundraising dinner for the Peanutbutterfor California campaign.
-All right, I'm just gonna---Sorry. It's a fundraiser.
-Uh...-BoJack!
I love your ironic takeon black-tie attire.
It really says,"I truly don't care what you think of me."
This light bulb won't let me into your house without paying.
Ah, sorry about that.Gotta raise those funds.
-Can't I just---Thanks for your support, buddy.
-Means so much. Erica!-Hey--
Look at you,with the right number of ears!
-Look, I just---Twenty thousand dollars a plate.
[growls]
-Hmm...!-[pops]
Oh.
Hey, do you have another bathroom?They're all occupied, and I gotta pee.
Not because I'm pregnant or anything.
Because if I were pregnant, it would bebad luck to tell you this early.
Presuming it was early.But I'm not pregnant.
This is just a normal,non-pregnant gal type of having to pee.
-There's a bathroom in the pool house.-You're a lifesaver.
Pardon me! Out of my way.
Uh-oh. Am I in Ithaca?
Because you are looking"gorges" this evening.
Well, I must be in Nazi Germany,because you're "not so" bad yourself.
-I'm sorry, yours was better.-[BoJack] Hi.
Whoa.
[munches]
Well, I should go.
Looks like the work wife/ex-wifeis talking to my other ex-wife.
-You have two ex-wives here?-Katrina's his campaign manager.
[Peanutbutter] And Jessica Biel lovesgetting photographed at fancy fundraisers.
If it isn't my two favorite ladies,in the same room! This is great.
-Hey.-BoJack, I'm busy.
You haven't seen me for a year and a half.
Yeah, because you disapp--No, I am not doing this now.
-Why don't you get yourself a drink?-I will get a drink.
I will get $20,000 worth of drinks.[crunches]
[sighs]
Oh, Norman, we have to support the--
-Ooh, yes.-All right.
[grunts]
Hi, Zach Braff. Zach Braff.
Hey there. Famous actor Zach Braff,how you doing?
-[glass clinks]-Everyone? Thank you all for being here.
We're gonna beat that scoundrelWoodchuck Coodchuck-Berkowitz...
Boo!
...and bring likability back to politics.
[cheering]
I especially want to thank my pro-frackingpals for being here tonight.
You know, my wife said, "Don't frack,"but we did it anyway,
and it all worked out.Love you, sweetie.
Mm-hmm.
Finally-- oh!Sorry about that, folks.
I sensed an earthquake.Must have been a false--
Oh, hey now!
Nope, I was definitely wrong.
Listen to me,I'm the dog who cried earthquake.
[laughing]
-[bangs]-[voices overlapping]
-We're gonna die!-Oh, fudge!
-Oh, my God. Oh, my God.-I can't die!
I'm not famous enough yet to makethe "In Memoriam" montage at the Oscars!
I have so many regrets!
I just picked up a family sitcomwhere the mom is a zombie!
[moans]It's called Mombie, and it's terrible!
I have a condition where every timeI sense a shift in power dynamics,
I have a tiny orgasm!
I have no original ideas,I just repeat things I hear.
-I've never been in love!-I've never been in love!
I tried gay at theater camp!
I regret everything!
-[Peanutbutter] Whoa!-[BoJack laughs]
-[crashes]-[all gasp]
[theme music playing]
[voices overlapping]
Hello?
Is anyone getting any bars?I'm not getting any baa-rs.
Can someone validate my valet ticket?I would like to go home now.
There's no way out.Okay. Everybody stay sane.
I propose we set each other on firefor warmth.
Who wants to be set on fire first?Not me, I'm Jessica Biel.
[woman] Yeah, that's right.
The natives are getting restless,
so why don't you say somethingto comfort them?
Okay. Everyone, remain calm!
No one's going to light anyone on fire.
For one thing,that'd eat up a lot of oxygen
and who knowshow much we have down here.
-[man] I want oxygen!-[man screams] Air! I need air!
[guests screaming]
God.
-You okay, sweetie?-I think so.
-That was really scary.-Yeah.
At least we know no oneis specifically at fault.
Well, except for San Andreas.
This was because you frackedunder our house.
I told you fracking was dangerous,and you didn't listen.
And now our house is ruinedand we're trapped underground,
and we're all going to die!
-Is this one of our sexy fights?-[yells] No!
Hmm.
[sighs]
Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
You can be mad at me or get drunkwith me, but you can't do both.
Watch me.
Oh, what the shit?
[creaks, crashes]
-Oh, fish.-[Todd] Uh... hello?
-What are you doing in there?-Uh, I live here.
Didn't you knowthere was a huge party going on?
I was going to go to the partyafter my bath,
but then I realizedthe bath was the party.
Oh, God.
Well, I'm not waiting aroundto be rescued like some chump.
Come on, let's go.
[Todd] Whoa...!
-We gotta go in there?-Well, I don't see any other way.
Sometimes life is like the second seasonof Friday Night Lights--
you gotta push throughand hope there's better stuff ahead.
Aw-ww!
Guys, let's all try to just stay cooland make the best of things, huh?
"Make the best of things"? You idiot,we're trapped and we're terrified.
Okay, settle down,you future hard Jeopardy question.
Let's hear what the idiot has to say.
So that's a re-up on the idiot part?
How are we supposed to makethe best of things?
-We're stuck underground.-This is true.
But most of us are important celebrities,so someone will come for us soon.
And for you regulars,I'm sure they'll bring you up with us!
What do we do till then?
We're actors! I say we put on a show.Who's with me?
A show? Who will be the star?Me, I assume.
Sure you'll be the star,and you'll be the star!
And you'll be the star!We'll all be the star!
Folks, I promise youwe will be out of here in no time.
[cheering]
And that's when I realized...
I just don't have the face for bangs.
Oh, my God, thank you so much.You're too kind! Thank you.
Thank you, Phoebe, for that rousingTale from the Above Ground. Who's next?
I can't take this anymore.I need to get out.
This is the longest I've gonewithout moisturizing,
-and I feel like a lizard!-Humph.
-No offense.-It's only been 72 hours.
I'm missing my general meeting at CBS.I'm supposed to get baa-ck to work.
I can't live like this!We've gotta light someone on fire.
I'm starting to think that less-famousMichelle Monaghan has the right idea
-about lighting people on fire.-Thank you.
Come on, party people, keep it together.Let's not forget why we're here--
to raise money for my campaign,
and more recently, to not go crazyand murder each other.
Can someone please bring me my car?It's a Prius. A silver Prius.
You're killing me, Zach.
[sighs]Mr. Peanutbutter, you can do this.
Be the leader that I know you can be.
Yeah. You're right. I've totally got this.
-[bangs]-What in the world?
"Vox clamantis in deserto."
-It is I.-Woodchuck Coodchuck-Berkowitz!
-We're saved!-Wow!
Oh, thank God. A leader.
-[Diane laughs]-[BoJack] Sh.
What's going on down here?Anyone's looking for us?
We're cool. Just being cool, don't worry.
Diane, have you just been getting drunkwith BoJack this whole time?
-What? I'm still mad at you.-[BoJack laughing]
-Citizens, remain calm.-Yeah, that's what I've been saying!
Rescue workers are comingbut it could be a while.
State emergency funds have been depleteddue to budget overruns
on a costly bridge to Hawaiithat's being constructed.
Oh, yeah!
Since a woodchuck is a digging animal,I came to get you out early.
Is that what a woodchuck is?Why did I think it was like a beaver?
What's it like out there, Woodchuck?Whole neighborhood totaled?
-Is the city in chaos?-No, it's really just your house.
Because of all the fracking that's beenhappening underneath your house.
Oh! Interesting!
-Ay-yi-yi.-Oh, right, right.
So you just burrowed down here to rescueyour political opponent's top donors.
That's convenient.
It was actually very inconvenient,
but I put politics asideto save you people from dying.
Three cheers for Woodchuck!
[all]Hip, hip, hooray!
Please, don't cheer too loudly.The tunnel is very delicate.
-Hip, hip, hooray!-Seriously, I think it's best to--
-Hip, hip, hooray!-[rumbling]
[sighs]
-Let's cheer one more time, just for fun!-No, please.
-Four cheers. Why not? Hip, hip...-Hooray!
-No!-[rumbling]
[screams]
So turns out three cheers was probablyan adequate number of cheers.
[rumbling]
-What was that?-Just keep walking.
God, I can't wait to get home.
I don't even have a home anymore.
Oh, man, where am I going to keep allmy different colored hats I never wear?
Well, if you need another couchto crash on, there's always my place.
-Didn't you move in with Ralph?-Yeah, but I kept the old apartment.
-Just in case, I guess.-In case of what?
-[faint chattering]-What was that?
Whoa!
Oh!
[yelps]
Now, ladies, just calm down.We can talk about this.
What are we gonna do, Princess Carolyn?
[ants gasp]
[chattering]
Did you say you're a princess?
-That's just my name. I'm a manager.-It's like an agent.
-It's totally different.-Is it, though?
-Silence! You negotiate deals?-Mm-hmm.
You could be of service, Manager Carolyn.
[ant leader laughs]
My hands... they're crushed.
There's no way I can dig us back out now.
Well, I can dig!
Actually, no one should dig.
Your foundation is basically Swiss cheese.
The slightest provocation could causeanother collapse that would crush us all.
[all gasp]
I know that because I bought a sitcomabout fracking, The Frack Shack.
It's New Girl meets fracking.[chuckles]
Oh, God, no one's gonna watchthat show, huh?
[groans]
Someone will be coming for us soon.In the meantime, we must organize.
Parcel out food and waterand see how much we've got.
-I'll assign team leaders.-Oh, no. I'm sensing a shift in power.
[groans]
[guests chuckling]
All right. Um...
-God...!-For you, a banana
-because you're so appealing.-Yeah.
And for you, a radish. Enjoy.
Mr. Peanutbutter, this is a disaster.
I don't think so.I'm food captain, and I am loving it.
-And who made you the food captain?-Woodchuck.
Exactly. He's in charge.
Excuse me,you have not been allocated those rations.
I'm a horse. I need more food,and I'm a celebrity.
-Everyone down here is a celebrity.-Not the caterers.
Relinquish the food.
Hey. Here's your chance.
Actually, Woodchuck, this is my houseand BoJack can eat whatever he wants.
This man has already reachedhis allotted food portion for the day.
Who said we have to go by your rules?
Yeah, who made you leaderof underground?
I'm just gonna take all this and...
You've appointed me.Yes, I under-- citizens, look...
Keep it together.[grunts]
-Weird stuff going on downstairs.-[clicking]
Humph.
-I can't believe this is my life.-Uh-oh.
Too much sad booze for you.Where's the happy booze?
I'm trapped undergroundand it's all my husband's fault
and I'm gonna die in this mansionin a mass grave with his ex-wives.
Okay. But on the bright side--
Look, Mr. Peanutbutter loves you,you got a cool job, you got friends.
Jesus, you're right.
Even when I was above ground,I wasn't satisfied.
Oh, my God. I'm the problem!
[sobbing]
Whoa!
What the...?
Why can't I be happy? Am I busted?
No. It...
I am! I'm a pit.
I'm a pit that good things fall into!
Diane, you're not a pit.
I'm a pit![sobbing]
[sighs]
I can't believe I'm crying.This is so dumb.
It's okay.Don't feel bad about feeling bad.
You disappeared for a year and a half.
So you do want to talk about it.Just took four solid days of drinking.
If you were back in L.A.,why didn't you call me?
-I wasn't... ready.-Ready? For what?
I wanted to be betterwhen you saw me again.
And I thought I could be, somehow.But I'm not.
And even if I did get better,the best I could ever be
is still just some other version of me.
BoJack, I can't wait for you to be better.
I need you in my life.
-Really?-You're the biggest asshole I know,
and you're the only thingthat makes sense to me.
[Diane sighs, moans]
People should be able to havesome control over their lives down here.
-Yeah!-People need boundaries.
Leadership meanssometimes being the bad guy.
You hear that? Woodchuck's a bad guy!
I don't want a bad guy to be our leader.
-That's not...-That's a point for Mr. Peanutbutter.
And I'm the good guy,so that's two points for me.
What points? There are no points.
-This is not a game!-Well, maybe there should be points.
-Yeah!-Points!
People seem to like my points idea.That's another point for me.
Well, I'm the one who came down hereto save you in the first place.
Surely I get points for that.
Asking for points is conceited.That's more points for me.
-He's right!-What?!
If you came down to save us,why are we still here?
[all] Yeah!
You had one job, and you couldn't do it!
-Yeah!-That's right.
Minus point for Woodchuck.
I implore you not to fallinto a mob mentality.
-He called us a mob! Let's kill him!-Yeah!
Folks, Woodchuck's political philosophyis as broken as his hands.
That is a convincing argument.He does have broken hands.
Maybe it's time an outsider took control.
An outsider like me,the guy whose house this is.
[chanting]Peanutbutter, Peanutbutter.
Peanutbutter-- everybody.
[chanting]Peanutbutter! Peanutbutter!
Peanutbutter!
-Me!-Peanutbutter!
-Me!-Peanutbutter!
[faint chanting]Peanutbutter! Peanutbutter...
-[snoring]-BoJack. BoJack.
-BoJack.-What?
-Did you know I can juggle?-Cool.
Are you okay?I mean, outside of our current situation
of being buried aliveand almost out of alcohol
except for cooking sherry and Midori?
It's just been a rough couple yearswith Sarah Lynn dying and Herb.
-And Corduroy?-Cordu-what now?
Corduroy? Jackson-Jackson?Died of autoerotic "asphyx-ization"?
Oh, yeah, him too. And now I got this...
girl in my house, this... daughter-type.
You got daughter? Ruh-roh.
-[clatters]-Yeah, I got daughter, "ruh-roh."
Supposed to help her figure outwho her mother is.
But I don't know where to start.
Did she try sending mutual consent formto the adoption agency?
What, what words?
Well, if it's closed adoption,you send a mutual consent form.
Basically says, "I wanna be open now!"
If Mom says same thing,boom-bah-boo! Smo-pen Sesame!
-How do you know about that?-I had an adopted brother.
And also for a while,I hoped I was adopted.
-Ugh!-Huh.
-Whoa!-Ooh!
Who dares disturb Queen Antonia?
My name is Princess Carolyn.
I represent the soldiersof Subcolony K-147,
who feel they're doing all the workwhile reaping none of the spoils.
Everything my soldiers dobenefits the colony.
I had this same conversationwith Jeffrey Katzenberg.
Believe me, this doesn't end wellfor you.
[sighs]What are your demands?
[whispers]
They want to have sex with your drones.
My drones?
[dance music plays]
Mm-hmm.
Oliver, assemble the small council.
Uh, If we're gonna be down here a while,can I get a new towel?
[guests chanting]
Woodchuck's aa-always telling uswhat to do!
He says help is coming,but how does he know? What if he's lying?
[wails]And I have still not been validated!
If you could all be patient...
We're sick of waiting!It's time for new leadership.
That attempted movie star is right!
I declare Mr. PeanutbutterPresident-for-life of Underground.
[guests] Yeah!
[grunting]Uh, uh, oh!
-Thank you!-What? No!
-What do we do with Woodchuck?-He must be made an example of.
-[man] Get him!-Yeah!
All right, guys, all right. Calm down.
We don't need to "get him."Let's just tie him up someplace
where he can't hurt us anymorewith his dangerous ideas.
Do not tie me up. That isn't necessary.No, don't-- no...!
-[chanting] Peanutbutter!-No!
-Peanutbutter!-Thank you, thank you all.
As my first act as President-for-life,I declare that everyone
is allowed to eat and drinkwhatever they want!
[all] Yeah!
[crashing]
-[groans]-[whimpers]
Agh--!
I'm starving,
and not the normal celebritykind of starving like I always am.
Or even red-carpet-season starving.
-Where's the food?-[Woodchuck] You ate all the food.
This is it!
Nobody's coming for us.We need to kill someone for food.
-Hmm...!-Oh...!
Let's eat Mr. Peanutbutter!
He has the word "peanut butter"in his name!
[all] Yeah!
Guys, guys, guys,maybe we don't need to eat anybody!
-[all groan]-What's this now?
Let's listen to the guywho's saying don't kill me.
He's got some interesting ideas.
Listen to me, everyone. Please.
I'm known for monologuesthat sum things up at the end of the show.
I drive a Prius,which means I'm a good person.
Let's not surrenderto our basest instincts.
I know times are tough,but I'm sure if we band together
and really concentrateon the problem at hand,
we can, as a group of friends--[screams]
-Oh, my God.-Biel!
The rule of man is over.Now begins the rule of fire.
-[howls] Oh, why?-Jessica, no.
I will no longer be shackled
by the civilized societyof the above ground.
This is Underground,and the only law here is flame.
The fire wants not for justice.The fire wants not for reason.
-The fire desires only to be fed!-Feed the fire!
-The fire is my new god!-[moans] Oh, God!
I'm so sorry, Mr. Peanutbutter,but the tide has turned
and I side with the fire now.
Tonight, we dine on Zach Braff.
-Tomorrow, canine cuisine!-No.
You, take him to his spot,and make him stay.
-[squawks]-No! No! Please!
Listen to reason... this time!
[gulps] Ah-hh!
I think that's all of it.
I can't go back to my old life sober.It's so empty.
Okay, okay.Here's the secret to being happy.
Oh, I can't wait to hear this.
Just pretend you are happy, and eventuallyyou'll forget you're pretending.
Maybe you're right.
I just need to stop complainingand work harder.
Everyone else is doing it.Why am I so special?
-[door bangs]-Lock him in here!
-Please! Diane, my sweet wife.-What's going on?
Marvin Gaye.
The People of Undergroundhave a new god, the fire.
And for my crimesI will be fed to its ravenous flames.
My only hope is the meatof Zach Braff proves lasting,
but I fear by daybreak,there will be no Braff meat left.
-What's going on?-Four Non-Blondes.
Everybody out except the prisoner.
-[Diane] No!-Easy on the merchandise!
Get off me!
Well, it's been a tough week,lots of back and forth,
but I think we've reached an agreementthat meets everybody's needs.
"The queen will sharemale sex servants with the soldiers
for one night of magnificent,sensuous splendor,
a gorgeous bacchanalof hedonistic delights,
with a second orgy pickup option,pursuant on success of the first."
[hissing]
My clients are satisfied with those terms.
Great. Now can we please returnto the surface world?
All my favorite clouds are up there.
Oh, I like this one.He's got moxie and a soft thorax.
How did you find your fleshy selfin my kingdom, you pink marshmallow?
We were at this bigBeverly Hills fundraiser.
There was an earthquake,and now everyone's trapped underground.
Did you say Beverly Hills?Ugh! Of course.
Surface dwellers are always moving inon our territory.
First they move here, then taxes go up,
the next thing you know,there's a Whole Foods.
How am I supposed to concentrateon a great orgy
when I've got gentrification on my mind?
No, we've got to getthose interlopers out of here.
-Let's---Hey! Hold on.
-Uh...-[Jessica] Mr. Peanutbutter,
did you or did you not tell uswe could eat whatever we wanted?
[all] Peanutbutter!
Peanutbutter! Peanutbutter!Peanutbutter!
We gotta do something.
Mr. Peanutbutter's the only non-shittything that's ever happened to me
and now they're gonna set him on fire.
Okay. What would non-hungover Diane do?She's smart.
I don't know. I need water.
There is no more water.That's the problem.
"Choodwuck" is right.
Wait, isn't there water, under the ground?Like, a well?
-Yeah! And we're underground.-If we dig, we'll get water!
-Do not dig. The ground is very volatile.-Quiet, sky rodent! To the shovels!
Mr. Peanutbutter, your time is nigh.
Any last wordsbefore we light you on fire?
Yes, if I could just say,"Don't light me on fire"?
The fire bends to no man's will.Nothing can defeat the fire. Only--
[Diane] Water!
[Jessica] What? [gasps]
-Oh, wow, it's really water.-Water is stronger than fire.
Wait, let's not really forget how-- ugh!
Water is my new god now!
Oh, boy.
-Clear gold!-All right, water!
H-2-Oh, boy, we hit the freaking jackpot!
Hang on. It's-- it's not stopping.
Which is great!
You hit a pipe, you drunken imbeciles.
H-2-Oh, no!
[guests whimpering]
Well, I guess this is it.
-[bangs]-Oh, God! It's another earthquake!
[all screaming]
How is this happening?
[ants] Heave! Heave! Heave!
Get them out of here!
Okay.
No! Please! I'm important down here!
[guests]Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
[crashes]
Oh, what an eyesore.The HOA will be hearing about this.
We are never talkingabout any of this ever again. Whew.
So I will see you tomorrow.We've got a rally in Bakersfield
and then we're touringa tennis ball factory in Modesto.
Okay.
-Hi.-Hi.
You're the best thingthat ever happened to me.
-I don't tell you that enough.-It's okay.
If this governor thingis really important to you...
It's not. You saw me in there.I'm a terrible leader.
I don't want to be governor.I just wanted people to like me.
Well, I like you.
Come on, Diane, let's go home...
oh, right.
Well, thanks for inviting meto your party.
I had a wonderful time.Evening really flew by.
Sure.
-You guys hungry?-I could eat.
-Ethiopian?-Ooh, haven't done Ethiopian in a while.
I should go home.I haven't seen my boyfriend in ten days.
He's probably worried about me.
I'm down for Ethiopian.I love that sponge bread.
-What do they call it, "injera"?-Yeah, injera.
-Injera, right.-That's right.
Yeah, that's good bread.
♪ Back in the 90'sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the horsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack! ♪
[man] Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na ♪




Season 4 ep. 8 
















So I send in the form,and if my mom wants to meet me too,
-then we meet?-Yeah.
And if she doesn't want to meet me,
then I get to feel that hot stingof rejection all over again.
What a fun adventure this all is.
You know what is fun? You coming with meto my first day on my new show.
"BoJack Horsemanin F.H.B.A. Los Angeles,
starring BoJack Horsemanas 'the Judge.'"
What is F.H.B.A.?
I think it's one of those showsabout Navy sex crimes that have gone cold?
And there may be numbers or something?Then, they call "the Judge."
I'm just excited to get out of the house.
I've been getting really fidgetycooped up on that hill.
Like I got tiny little bumpscrawling around
on the inside of my skin, you know?
Totally. Look at this guy,texting in the middle of the intersection.
You have been judgedto be a shitty driver.
I'm the Judge.I sentence you to kiss my ass.
Boom!
You got "judged."
It feels goodto be a dramatic actor again.
To make someone laughis a craft, to be sure,
but to make someone cry, on purpose,that is a precious gift.
Hey, I'm Miles, the production intern.Can I get you anything? Water?
That's so sweet of you.
Actually, that's so his job of him.
-Hey, PA, whose name I already forgot.-It's Miles, and I'm an intern.
Still not interested. Can you takemy daughter to "video village"?
I wanna make sure she sees meat my most awesome,
which is with a slightly high angleto avoid appearance of a double chin.
Note to director.
-Right this way.-Okay.
-[bell rings]-[assistant director] Quiet!
-[grunts]-Rolling!
[announcer]Previously on F.H.B.A. Los Angeles...
I may be a human rights lawyer,but those skanks are human wrongs.
I'll tell you the same thingI tell kids in the cancer ward.
I'm not here to make friends.
I'm here to win and/or cure cancer.
[announcer] Tonight, the girlsreturn from Booty Boot Camp
and face new judge, BoJack Horseman.
Will BoJack turn the other cheek,
or is this the weekthe booties hit the floor?
This is Felicity Huffman'sBooty Academy: Los Angeles!
Um... what's all this then?
[theme music playing]
[gavel raps]
On Booty Academy,we're here to find out
who's got the right behindand who's going to be left behind.
BoJack, do you have anythingyou'd like to say to the contestants
before we give our verdict?
No, I'm good.
Very well.Calliope, you are "ready for this jelly."
You can stay another week.
Tasha, our 'anaconda don't want none."
Cover up your bottom and go.
No!
Your booty's been adjudicated!
-[assistant director] Cut!-[bell rings]
This is bullshit!
-Callin' my manager!-Remind me what this show is?
-I know, remind me?-[Tasha] ...my publicist!
Felicity Huffman's Booty Academy.
It was supposed to be
Felicity Huffman'sFuture Leaders of America,
but it got retooled a littleby the network.
So are we judging who has the best booty?
Whoa, BoJack, no.That is so degrading.
So if it's not about their butts,then why is the other judge Sir Mix-A-Lot?
Because I'm an honest and impartial judge.
And if there's one thing I'm famous for,it's that I cannot lie.
Yeah, I guess that would be the one thing.
Hey, can we go home now?
Being around all these skinny L.A. ladiesmakes me feel like a blob.
Well, I gotta shootfor, like, ten more hours.
Are you serious?
Apparently, it takes three hours to set upthe "badonka-donka-dobstacle course."
So making TV is like a full-time job?Then why is it so bad?
I just assumed people weren't trying.
Uh, I don't mean to butt in here,but shouldn't your daughter be in school?
Shouldn't you be"Sir Minding-Your-Own-Business-A-Lot"?
I graduated early and took a gap year.
My friend Maryssa is backpackingthrough Europe,
but lucky me, I get to hang outin this butt-infested warehouse.
Oh. All right.
Someone better be checkingthe pH levels of that Jacuzzi
because these bitches are basic.
Hey, you wanna explore the back lot?
They got a whole area that was builtto look like downtown Toronto.
That's where they shoot the stuffset in New York.
Are you allowed to just leave the set?
What are they gonna do? Dock my pay?
I'm an intern. They don't pay me.I got all the power!
[laughing]
Princess Carolyn,you are going to love Stilton Acres.
We have a sauna and a tennis courtand a giant hedge maze.
And if you make it all the way throughthe maze, you get some sugar water.
And you're gonna lovethe Feast of Saint Squeaky.
It's the holiest of all mouse holidays.
We prepare a feast of Swiss--
Because it's the holiest of all cheeses?
Because it was all our ancestorscould carry
when they were trying to escapefor their lives.
Oh-- because it has holes!
-That's very funny.-Thanks.
I really want you and my parentsto get along.
They can be kind of a lot,especially around the holidays.
I'm sure I'm going to love them.
And they're gonna love me.I'm Princess Carolyn!
I'm sure they will too.
But let's waituntil after they love you
to tell them about, you know, Philbert.
Of course. But what about her?
Don't worry. She's on her phone.
Unless Ralph and Princess Carolyn'ssecret baby starts to trend,
she won't notice anything we do or say.
-Stefani? Stefani?-[phone clicking]
-[squishes]-Whoa.
Katrina!Just the person I wanted to talk to!
-How's hotel life?-Marvelous!
Room service, tiny ketchup bottles,handy list of cable channels.
Now I know why so many peoplelike being homeless.
-Mr. Peanutbutter, that's not---On the phone, darling.
Well, I just found youthe perfect new campaign headquarters.
I'm gonna sign the lease now,
unless you think of a reasonI shouldn't.
Nothing comes to mind.
Great! It's done.Now, what did you wanna talk to me about?
-I'm dropping out of the race.-What?!
Woodchuck's a better leaderthan I'll ever be.
This election is about bigger thingsthan just you and Woodchuck.
What is it about then?
It's about hope, and freedom,and powerful lobbyists
who pay me to electa governor I can control
so we can get legislation passedthat allows them to build private prisons
on what are now protected wetlands.
Well, hopefully those evil lobbyistscan find some other puppet
to do their bidding.
Why would you hope that?
I'm done running for governor,so you're fired.
No hard feelings, right?
You idiot. I will end you!
-Bye, Cruella!-[Katrina screams]
-[mother] Hello.-[father] Stefani!
-Hello.-Oh, darling, you're home.
-Nice to meet you.-Princess Carolyn!
-Hello.-I'm Poppy! This is my wife, Mimi.
And this is our son, Sissy.
And this is my wife, Missy.
And the boys,Tweeds, Nantucket, and Loophole!
Ugh.
It's so wonderful to meet you all!
-Can I get you a cocktail?-Oh. No, thank you.
-Wine?-That's all right.
I will consider it a personal affrontif you won't at least have a beer.
-I shouldn't.-What about a very caffeinated coffee?
-No.-Raw shellfish?
-Not tonight.-Cigarette?
-I don't smoke.-That's okay.
You can just stand around mewhile I smoke.
No, I don't want to.
Cocaine, then?
I so appreciate that,and I hate to be rude,
but I really don't think it's a good idea.
Would you like me to punch youin the belly real quick
so you rememberwhat it's like to be alive?
That's a rich person thing.
Oh, I know.I grew up around rich people.
But I'm actually good,as far as belly-punchings go.
Well, can I at least offer you a rideon our private rollercoaster?
Surely, there's no reasonyou wouldn't want to do that.
-So if you decline, I will be offended.-Oh.
Also, not that it's relevant,
but the rollercoasteris specifically discouraged
for children under fiveand pregnant women.
But since you are neither of those,
obviously, there's no reasonyou will not want to ride
on our family's really fun rollercoaster.
-Okay, look, the truth is---Hey, Dad!
Why don't you tell Princess Carolynone of your great golf stories?
-Say, there's an idea.-Yes!
So here I am with a mashiewhen what I need is a niblick.
[all laughing]
Wow, golf. Fore! Am I right?
Yes, that's exactly right. Golf.
[camera shutters clicking]
Californians, this is an endorsement!
My message is simple.
If you want to vote Peanutbutter,vote Coodchuck-Berkowitz
because a vote for Coodchuck-Berkowitzis a vote for Peanutbutter.
Uh--
Since Peanutbutterlikes Coodchuck-Berkowitz.
So if you like Coodchuck-Berkowitz,vote like Mr. Peanutbutter...
-Excuse me---...for Woodchuck Coodchuck-Berkowitz.
So if we want to vote for Woodchuck,we should vote for you?
-No.-Yes.
-By voting for Woodchuck.-Thank you, Mr. Peanutbutter.
I look forward to moving past
the political divisivenessof this campaign
and finally focusing on the issues.
What's with the gorilla feet?
[sighs]
As I've explained before,
my hands were crushedduring the fracking incident.
There were no hand transplantsreadily available,
but gorilla feet are somewhat hand-like.
So I am using them temporarily
while my doctorsfind me more suitable replacements.
[laughs]They sure made a monkey out of you, huh?
-[reporters laugh]-They did no such thing.
Gorillas are apes.
I feel that went pretty well.
Yes, well, thank youfor dropping out of the race.
Rest assured, under my stewardship,the state will be in good--
-You were gonna say "hands," weren't you?-Ugh.
So, what's next for us two amigos?
Mr. Peanutbutter,we don't need your help on the campaign.
We are running virtually unopposed.I think our team can handle it from here.
Wha-wha-wha-what?
The best way you can help usis to go back to your regular life
and stay out of politics forever.
So this chapter of my life is over?Doggy, doggy. What now?
Coochy-coochy-coochy...
Hey, Mom.You got something in the mail.
Have I receivedany gentleman callers today?
I'm expecting a visitfrom Corbin Creamerman.
You know what? I'll check.
You could learn a thing or twofrom him, Henrietta!
Mm-hmm.
-Hey, where have you been?-I'll make coffee.
Oh, uh...
well, Miles actually took meto check out UCLA.
He took me to a party,and I got to sleep in a dorm room, and...
Wow, look at the time.That's enough questioning of me,
and where I've been,and what I've been doing. See ya later!
Hold up.Did you and that PA hook up last night?
BoJack! We didn't just hook up.
Miles is a really interesting soul,
-and I feel like we connected.-Oh, boy. Okay. Sit down.
Hollyhock, you are never gonna hearfrom that guy again.
Okay, actually, I am,
because when I left his dormhe said he would,
and I quote, "Definitely text me."
Oh, wow, I didn't realize.
Should we plan the wedding for you
and teenage-boy-you-slept-withwho-said-he-would-definitely-text-you"?
Very funny.
Believe me, I take no pleasurein telling you this,
-but that kid is never, ever, ever---[phone chimes]
-Ooh! BoJack---Hollyhock, it is very rude to interrupt.
Now, where was I?
Right. You'll never everhear from this guy again.
-But, I---Ba-ba-ba!
In fact, if he texts you,I will do a hundred pushups.
That's how sure I am,since there is no possible way--
"Had a great time last night. Kilometers."
"Kilometers"?
It's an inside joke between me and Miles.
Not inside enough.I figured it out and it's dumb.
-[phone chimes]-He wants to take me to a party tonight.
-Shouldn't you be doing pushups?-[sighs]
Nope, can't. Impossible.
Anyone who saysthey did a pushup is lying.
-[phone chimes]-That him canceling? Classic move.
No, he wants to spend the day together.
Oh. Well, you wannahave breakfast first?
I got a box of crullers,of which one remains.
Nah, I'm good with this coffee.
I'll be home for dinner, though. Bye!
Okay.
Forty-six, 47...
-Ah! I could do this all day.-[groans]
-[horn honking]-[gasps, whimpers]
We have gathered in Todd's new apartmentto discuss the future of PB Livin'.
You told me this was an intervention
to get Todd to stop coming upwith awful ideas.
That was a pretenseto get you to show up.
-What?-It was Todd's idea.
What else you got, Todd?
Well, I got this one thing.I don't know. It might be pretty dumb.
-You bite your tongue.-Yes, bite it all the way off!
All your ideas are beyond terrible.
Well, in that case, I guess I must have"terrible" business instincts.
-You do!-Because I wanna hear it.
They say "the devil's in the details,"so let's summon the devil!
Okay, so you know how hard it is
-to get your kids to go to the dentist?-I don't.
But what if dentistshad a friendlier face?
Ooh!
What if you could take your kidsto a dentist's office
where all the dentists were clowns?
-What?!-Kids love clowns!
-Do kids love clowns?-Actually--
Don't they?Who else would clowns be for?
Because adults don't love clowns.
That is true.Adults find clowns creepy and off-putting.
So kids must love clowns,
because otherwise,why would there be clowns?
That is sound logic. Okay.
I want these clown dentistslaughing maniacally
as they drill into the teethof America's children, starting yesterday!
As someone who does have children,I have to say,
a lot of kidsare actually terrified of clowns!
Are they? Hm.
That would have been helpful informationbefore I committed.
But my word is my bondand I already said yes, didn't I?
Okay, so do we find dentistsand train them to be clowns,
or do we get clownsand train them to be dentists?
Why don't we get clowns and dentistsand they can train each other?
Oh, somebody call the police department,because you are on fire!
[groans] Aw, jeez.
[all chuckling]
And without missing a beat, I say,
"Well, when life gives you lemons,make an Arnold Palmer."
[all laughing]
It's been so wonderful gettingto know you all these last few days.
We're so happy to have you.Now, let the festivities begin.
-Sissy, hand out those cat ears.-Cat ears?
-And this is for you.-I want those.
See, the feast is about remembering
the ancient tale of a heroic mousenamed Squeaky.
And we always start by wearing cat earsand singing the song of Squeaky's enemy,
the cat tyrant, King Pusspuss.
Looks like Princess Carolynwon't need any cat ears to look evil.
-[family laughing]-[sighs]
[piano music playing]
♪ Look at me, I'm a dumb cat king ♪
♪ I'm an ugly, mean, fat thing ♪
♪ Innocent mice will feel my wrath ♪
♪ I'm a stinky catWho never takes a bath ♪
Okay, that's actually a stereotype.Cats do take baths.
Darling, licking yourselfdoes not qualify.
[family laughing]
-Aw, come on, it was funny.-[grunts]
♪ I'm positively evilI'm nasty and I'm smelly ♪
♪ So I'll take my swordAnd stab you in the belly ♪
[Poppy]Oh! Right in the cat gut!
Hooray!
Sorry, it gets a little graphic.
I really wish you'd told meyour family's holiday was so anti-cat.
It's just an old story about one bad cat.It's not about every cat.
-Death to all cats!-Whoo-hoo!
-[Stefani] All right!-I forgot about that part.
It's kinda like church.
You say the words so many times,you forget what they mean.
Oh-hh...
-[yelps] Agh!-Hello, Hollyhock.
[clicks]
Oh, come on. Wait there.There's a spare bulb in the kitchen.
I've been sitting in that chairfor five hours waiting to do this.
-[crashing]-Agh, damn it! Son-of-a--! What?
[huffing]
[clicks]
-Hello, Hollyhock.-What are you trying to do?
I'm trying to keep you out of troublewith a showman's flair for the dramatic.
I texted you I was gonna be home late.
You don't tell me whenyou're home late.
This is my house.You need to ask permission.
-What? You're not my dads.-I'm just looking out for you.
You spent four dayswith this kid, I'm worried--
There's nothing to worry about!We like each other.
Yeah, now. But come on, Hollyhock.
[stammers, sighs]
He's a teenage boy
whose job is to be around hot womenin skimpy outfits all day.
You think he's gonna want--
What?
No, I just mean that...
What, you thinkI'm not attractive enough for him?
Well, you're the onewho said you were a blob.
-Do you think I'm a blob?-No.
What kind of personcalls his own daughter a blob?
-You said "blob."-I said I "felt" like a blob.
Do you think I'm a blob?
I just-- [sighs]
I just think L.A. is a superficial townand you need to be careful.
Well, Miles likes me just the way I am.
And that's the kind of personthat I want to spend my time with.
Hollyhock, wait. Wait. Wait!
I get it! It's my weight!
Yeah... I'm sorry about all that.
Why didn't you tell me they hate cats?
They don't hate cats.
Now I get why you didn't wantto tell your family about the baby.
Okay, I was a little nervous.But they'll come around.
Besides, what am I supposed to do?They're my family.
-And what are me and Philbert?-[sighs] Oh...
Can't believe she's still pissed.
You shouldn't have called her a "blob."
I'm a blob too! We're both blobs!
How about just as a general rule,don't ever call a woman a blob?
Never! What if I meet a womanwhose name is Barbara Lob?
And I call her "B" for short. "B. Lob."
Maybe instead of figuring outthe woman blob workaround,
you should just tell Hollyhockyou're sorry.
I still think Miles is up to something.
Why is it so hard for you to believe
someone could genuinelylike your daughter?
Because she's like me!
Okay. Do you think maybe this could bemore about you than it is about her?
Yes, obviously, I have a lot of workto do on myself. Everyone knows that.
But the important thing right nowis how I can fix things with Hollyhock.
Try to stay on topic, Diane.
Well, an open conversationabout your concerns with--
No, that's too Diane-y.She'd never buy it was coming from me.
Then why do you want my advice?
I got it. If I can somehow prove to herwhat a jerk Miles is,
then she'll have to like me moreby default.
That's the BoJack way.
BoJack, no--!Oh-- oh...
Ooh, that's... that's nice.
Goldie, how would you liketo advance to the final round?
I would do anything, and I mean, anything.
-So I did it. I had sex with the PA.-You had sex with him?
That's what you wanted, right?
I just said "seduce" the PA.
Doesn't that mean have sex with him?
No, I just wanted you to,like, get him all hot and bothered.
-Eh...?-And ready to sleep with you.
Then once you get him on audiotape
-saying that he would sleep with you...-What?
...come up with some excuse to getout of there with virtue intact.
That's a lot of specificsyou just assumed I would know.
Okay, well, the important thing is,we got him now.
Tell Miles what you told me.
-I had sex with the PA.-What PA?
I think his name was "Eggberg"?
-What? Not him?-That's the intern.
-You said "PA."-Did you think I was a PA? Nice!
Why'd you want her to sleep with me?
Not sleep with.
You told a contestantyou would advance her to the final round
if she slept with a PA?
I said "seduce." There is a distinction.
We make a show about empowering womenand lifting them up,
and you cheapen itwith this coarse vulgarity.
I cannot lie. You disgust me.
This was all a big misunderstanding.
Cover up your bottom and go, BoJack.
You're not fit to judgeanyone's character, or their booties.
So it is about judging booties.
[groans]
-Hey, BoJack.-Miles.
Don't want me dating your daughter,you could have told me.
I'm sorry.
Maybe we could've worked outsome sort of deal.
What do you mean?
All right, so I got this screenplay,and I think it's a really fresh area.
It's about a production internwho wants to be a writer.
Oh, wow.
I think it could go somewhereif it got in front of the right person.
So if you have like an agentor a manager you could give it to,
that would be awesome,and I would never talk to Hollyhock again.
I promise.
So you were right. He was a dirtbag.
Yeah. I was kinda hopingI was wrong for once.
If it makes you feel any better,
you were wrongabout all the other parts of this.
Diane, you are so badat making people feel better.
Are you gonna tell Hollyhock?
She's a smart girl.She'll figure it out eventually.
But for now, if she believes someonecan love her for who she really is,
then why would I take thataway from her?
BoJack, you gotta getone of these massages.
-Oh-hh!-Okay.
-[Mimi] Goodbye, darling.-[Sissy] It was good seeing you.
-It was so much fun seeing you both.-Thank you for hosting us.
It was so nice to get away for the week
and learn all aboutyour charming little traditions
that didn't freak me out at all. Bye-bye!
Did our little city mousehave a nice time in the country?
Everything was wonderful.
And your little companion was darling--for a week.
But I do hope the next one you bring homeknows how to appreciate
a good Feast of Saint Squeaky.
Well, for your information,
there's not gonna be a "next one,"because...
I love Princess Carolyn and we're havinga baby and I couldn't be happier!
[Mimi] Oh, my God.
Oh, Mr. Peanutbutter, I am so relaxed.
I didn't realizehow much tension I'd built up in my--
Oh, my God! Um...
Mr. Peanutbutter, why is our hotel roomfilled with dentist clowns?
Don't be ridiculous, Diane.
They're not all dentist clowns.
Half of them are clown dentists.
Just try to ignore themand go about your business.
-Okay.-So, this is the incisor.
Doc, if this is what's incisor,
I'd hate to see what's outsides 'er.Hyuk, hyuk, hyuk!
-Please try to focus, Dr. Boing-Boing.-[squirts]
Ugh!
[Tom Jumbo-Grumbo] With former rivalMr. Peanutbutter's support,
just yesterday,Woodchuck Coodchuck-Berkowitz
seemed to be unbeatable,
but as a new candidate enters the race,is Woodchuck also "unbeata-Biel"?
"UnbeataBiel"?
Randy, you wily son of a--I've missed you, buddy! Bring it in!
"UnbeataBiel"?[gasps]
I'm tired of these politicianswho are all talk.
California needs a leaderwho excels in both comedy and drama
and who is beautifulin an approachable girl-next-door way,
and who will get all the criminalsoff the street
while simultaneously finding a usefor our wetlands.
That's why I'm running for governor.
A candidate you can Jessica-lieve in.
What the--?!
Let's do it together! I'm with me!
Oh-hh! Katrina.
-Gadzooks!-Not now, Professor Flim-Flam!
Of course,Katrina would latch onto Jessica
as the beautiful faceof her dangerous agenda.
Well, there's no waythey could beat Woodchuck, right?
No? Because I almost beat him
and I don't even knowwhat a governor does.
That's true.Mr. Peanutbutter, you've got to help.
Woodchuck has no ideawhat he's up against.
You're right! But are we surethis is the right thing for us?
If I jump right back into politics,that's not gonna give me a lot of time
to focus on our burgeoningclown dentistry business.
[nose beeps]
Then it is definitelythe right thing for us.
[Woodchuck]This is an abomination.
[aide] It's only till the doctorsfind better ones.
They're not even hands!
Well, they're better than feet,aren't they?
-[beeping]-What the--?!
-[yelps]-I'm Dr. Boing-Boing!
And I am Dr. Jennifer Picarello, D.D.S.
We come with a messagefrom Mr. Peanutbutter.
You can tell Mr. Peanutbutter I don't--
-Ha! Woodchuck!-What do you want?
You need me, Woodchuck!
You've got brain smarts,but your sober-minded policy speeches
are no match for the glitz and pizzazzof a Hollywoo starlet.
Even a relatively low-wattage onelike Jessica Biel.
He's right. California loves makingmovie stars governors.
I was married to both Jessica and Katrina.
I know them inside and out.
And I'm not speaking in a sexual way,although it is also true in a sexual way.
-You gotta let me join the campaign!-[groans, sighs]
-All right.-Great! There's no time to lose.
Quick! Get in Dr. Boing-Boing'sdream-powered smile-mobile!
It's been four secondsand I already deeply regret this.
[beeping]
[changing channels on TV]
-Hey.-Hey, yourself.
-I'm sorry I was an asshole.-Mm-hmm.
-What are you doing?-Seeing how fast I can change channels.
Also, I found all the loose changein the house
and I put it in alphabetical orderby year.
Do you really think a guy like Milescouldn't ever really like a girl like me?
No.
I was just jealous because you werespending a lot of time with him.
He hasn't texted me all day today.
I've been trying to distract myself.
Forget him. You're gonna meet lots of guyswho will fall madly in love with you.
I might have scared him off. I don't know.
Do you ever get that feeling that like,to know you more is to love you less?
Hollyhock, you are an amazing womanand you should never settle for someone
who only loves the idea of you.
You are funny, and you're kind,and you're clever.
Am I also pretty?
I-- come on.What do you want me to say?
Obviously, I think you're beautiful.
Well, you don't have to go overboard.
Hey, I got an idea.
Why don't we go get some Cold Stone?That'll take your mind off Miles.
Plus, I'll let you drive the Tesla!
Thanks, but I'm not really in the moodfor ice cream.
Well, then, forget that.Let's get a pizza.
-I'm actually not hungry.-Oh.
[TV audio switches rapidly]
♪ Back in the 90'sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the horsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack! ♪
[man] Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na ♪




Season 4 ep. 9
















Class, settle down. Settle down.
It's Ruthie's turnto present her ancestor.
-Go ahead, Ruthie.-Okay, Teach-Bot.
-Mrs. Teach-Bot.-Ugh.
My great-great-great grandmotherwas called Princess Carolyn.
She was an agentand a manager in Hollywoo.
What's the differencebetween an agent and a manager?
Both look to find projectsfor their clients
but only managers can produce.
-[class murmuring]-What?
My mom told me that I comefrom a long line of strong female cats.
Princess Carolyn was the runt of 12and it made her one of the toughest.
Mom said, "She could take a lickin'and keep on tickin'."
This expression refers to clocks,
an old fashioned way of timekeeping
before we all universally acceptedthe bean system.
[class]"The bean system is the way."
For Ancestry Day, I'm gonna tell you
a particular storyabout one particular day
on which Princess Carolyn facedand overcame particular adversity
all the way back in the year 2017.
-[Ruthie] The day began like any other.-[groans]
[Ruthie] Princess Carolyn livedwith her boyfriend, Ralph.
-She was pregnant and very happy.-[sighs]
Sorry I can't go with youto the doctor.
-Don't worry about it. I feel great!-Today is crucial.
Stilton Cards has to createits own holiday
to really be playing with the big boys.
Hallmark, American Greeting,
those chunky cards that play musicwhen you open them.
I just know you're gonna bethe next Joey K. Easter,
the guy who invented Arbor Day.
How about"National Friend of a Friend Day?"
-Is that anything?-You'll think of something.
[slurps]Mm!
Give me just a sip of the coffee.I can have a sip.
-One sip.-Today is going to be great.
Oh--![yelps]
-Hey.-[moans] Oh-hh!
[Ruthie] She was wrong.
Today was gonna suck.
[theme music playing]
[Ruthie] Princess Carolyn started her daywith a call to BoJack Horseman,
her former client-slash-lover.
-Ruthie! Inappropriate!-Sorry.
[BoJack] Go for BoJack!
You like that?I'm trying out some new phone stuff.
Or is "Bo for GoJack" better?Nah, maybe too clever.
I don't want people to think I'm trying.Sorry, who is this?
Princess Carolyn, moron.
-Oh, hey, P.C. So what do you think?-About what?
"Go for BoJack!" Or maybe--
Ugh, stop!You need to get a new agent.
I'm sick of fielding your offers.
Offers? Well, you tell themthat I am not doing another reality show.
So degrading.
All they had at craft serviceswas Kirkland snacks, P.C. Kirkland snacks.
Well, first of all, I don't work for you,so I'm not gonna tell anyone anything.
But, second,these are actually good offers.
-Really? Like what?-I'm not telling you because--
Got it. Busy, busy. I'm busy too,so I'll call you back later. Bye.
-Don't call. I don't work for you!-How's this for a headline for the blog?
You write about this, quote,"BoJack Finally Solves Mystery
of Hollyhock's Mother,comma, Looks Handsome,
colon: Is Cool." End quote.
I still don't understand your plan,or how that's a headline.
The plan couldn't be simpler.Go to the county courthouse,
ask to see all the birth certificateson file, find Hollyhock's,
see what it says in the "mother" spot.
They're not just gonna give youthe birth certificates.
Well, I gotta try something.I have this girl at my house
who came to me for help,I want to do right by her.
I just don't knowif you've thought through--
Diane, I am a famous.They will give me the birth certificate.
Everyone gives me everything I wantall the time.
It is an existential curse,but a huge day-to-day convenience.
-So why do you need me?-I don't know. Just wanted some company.
You told me to use a vacation daybecause this was, quote,
"a feminism-related emergency."
-I got your number!-Why didn't you just bring Hollyhock?
I was gonna, but she got reallyinto counting her teeth this morning,
didn't want to leave the house.You know how teens are.
Ruthie, this was supposed to beabout your ancestor.
-Who are all these other "chara-ca-ters"?-They fill out the world.
Well, can you tryto keep things focused, please?
Okay, okay, okay.
[Ruthie] Princess Carolyn had beencalled to Gekko-Rabitowitz--
the agency of her nemesis,and nemesis-slash-former lover.
-Ruthie!-Sorry, Teach-Bot.
She had a lot of former lovers.
She was a fluid sexual being,not a machine.
[Ruthie]But today was all about business.
She was there because she was trying
to get her clientCourtney Portnoy cast in--
Corpse Me If You Can-Can, the 1940'sCannes, France-set story
of a can-can dancer who contracts cancer
but continues to can-canas a canny cadaver
who plays the accordionwith Kevin Corrigan, Kevin Kline,
Chris Klein, Chris Pine and Chris Kattan.
-Got it.-[gasps] Gekko.
Princess Carolyn, hi! Love the dress.
Is it new, or something I've seen you wearliterally hundreds of times?
[Ruthie] Normally, Princess Carolynwould've been rattled,
but that day, she realized Vanessa Gekkono longer had any power over her.
In truth, the woman had challengedand inspired Princess Carolyn,
not only to be a better agent,
but to be brave enoughto try and have it all.
Princess Carolyn wanted to tell herthank you, but instead she said...
-You look tired, "Veronica."-Oh, I--
Amazing burn, Princess Carolyn.
Hey, Princess. We have a little snag.
Did Chris Kattan drop out?Right before his comeback?
Right when the world is finally readyto settle for Kattan?
-No, it's---You're fired.
I'm fired?
I tried to talk her out of it,but between the gun movie misfiring
and her nuptialsturning into "nope-tials,"
and her blaming youfor both of those things...
Who knew Portnoy had so many complaints?Oh, just give me one more chance.
I promise I can get you the leadin that can-can cadaver movie.
[laughs] What?
Oh, P.C., C.P. just madethat whole thing up to get you here.
You thought that was real?
The 1940's corpse who learns accordion?It sounds so ludicrous.
You did play the short-sighted seamstressin The Storm on Northern Fortress.
Well, yeah, but that was just becauseI wanted to work with Ashton.
We'll talk later, right?I'm so sorry. Bye.
Did you have a good meeting?[mockingly] Did you get fired?
[groans] Aw.
Sorry you got fired. Here's a latte.
Oh, uh--
-It's decaf, ma'am.-Thanks, Judah.
You know, one year ago,a setback like this
would have really spun me out.
But I don't need Courtney.
Every time we fall, we get back upstronger and better than ever.
-Can I get a hallelujah?-Is that a sort of pressed juice?
I'll have one hallelujahon your desk by 12:45.
Great. What's next?
I noticed your necklace was broken,so I pushed back your appointment,
and found a reputable jeweler nearby.
Don't know what I'd do without you,my hairy number two!
Oh, God, I'm sorry.That came out horribly.
Not to speak above my station,
but perhaps it would behoove us to enticeBoJack Horseman back into our stable.
-Ugh!-I'm sorry, ma'am.
"Stable" and "behoove"were poor word choices.
I was not trying to engage in punneryduring business hours,
but we've received 15 more inquiriesabout BoJack just this morning,
and I don't think it's wise to looka gift... opportunity in the mouth.
BoJack is off the table.We're a small management company.
We just need to focuson the clients we have.
[Judah] You know best.
-♪ Who's that dog? ♪-♪ Mr. Peanutbutter-- ♪
-[beeps]-Mo for Gister Peanutbutter!
Hey, handsome. Heard you dropped outof the governor's race.
Now let's get you back to workon what really matters-- show business!
-I'm going to stop you right there.-I was done.
Can't wait to get backin front of the camera,
but right now, I have to help my formerpolitical rival defeat my two ex-wives.
One of whom is in the pocketof powerful lobbyists
and the other of whommurdered popular actor
and soundtrack artisan, Zach Braff,and ate his burnt flesh!
Politics as usual, right?
Well, when you're ready to work again--
Gotta go. They need all hands on deck,
because Woodchucklost his hands underground
and they replaced themwith creepy lobster claws.
Typical politics!
Hey. So I need this clasp replaced,24-karat gold.
This is a priceless family heirloom.
Princess Carolyn had gotten her necklacefrom her mother,
who got it from her mother,who brought it from the old country.
When our ancestors first emigratedto America, they were very poor.
Back in the Motherland,they had been doctors and engineers,
but here, they struggled to find work.
Every night, they would sing the songof the old country,
hoping to reclaim the glory of those days.
[all]♪ Meow-meow! Meow-meow! ♪
♪ Meow-meowMeow-meow, meow-meow! ♪
[Ruthie] They slowly soldall their belongings
as they attempted to hang onto a middle-class way of life.
[all]♪ Meow-meow... ♪
-♪ Meow-meow! ♪-[light bulb fizzles]
[Ruthie]But she never sold that necklace,
because that was the one giftshe could give her daughter.
A treasure from the pastand a symbol of the tenacity
and stick-to-itivenessthat has for generations led my family
to always land on their feet.
-You can come back in about two hours.-Thank you.
-[clatters]-Sorry, sorry! Wait. Sorry, sorry.
-[clatters]-Okay, okay, okay.
I'm just lookingfor something really nice.
This is for a sexy catfishI met on the Internet.
-Charley?-Princess Carolyn!
-You work at a jewelry store now?-No, I own my own management company.
Oh, yeah. Good for you.
I'm so proud of you.
Your approval means nothing to me.
So I guess it's good you said "no"to my offer last year.
What offer? I mean, exactly what offerare you talking about?
I get so many.
Last year, I reached out to your guy...I wanna say, "Ju-do"...
-Judah.-This guy's name was Judo.
I offered to buy VIMand merge it with Vigor.
We would have calledthe new company, VIMgor.
Oh, right. That offer.
I couldn't believewhen he said you weren't interested.
Well, yeah. Because I wasn't,and he does what I say.
So I guess it all worked out for everyone.
You got to start over as a manager,
and instead of buying VIM,I bought the Utah Jazz.
They're terrible agents,but they're getting better.
-Yeah.-Anyway, nice bumping into--
-Oh, sorry.-Careful, please. Ooh.
-[Charley] Oopsie. Oh, boy.-No, no.
-[crashes]-Is that valuable? It is.
My great, great, great grandmotherwas dismayed that her trusted colleague
had kept this from her.
Her mind raced,"Was Judah capable of deception?"
She hoped what Charley told herwasn't true,
but her instincts told herthe frog wasn't smart enough to lie.
First quarter, second quarter.Wow, that's a lot of quarters.
Oh, excuse me. Hello.
Judah, you'll never guesswho I just ran into.
No, I won't. Very astute, ma'am.
-It was Charley Witherspoon!-Mm-hmm.
-Char... ley...-Hmm...? Hmm!
-Wither... spoon!-Hmm.
-Okay.-How does that make you feel?
That very short storymakes me feel nothing.
I don't think it's your faultas a storyteller.
I often have trouble engagingwith narratives.
[Ruthie] His lack of responsemade her hope it wasn't true.
Could it all have been a misunderstanding
involving an enigmatic strangernamed "Judo"?
So, what's next, then?
Ooh, I want to get the life rightsto that woman I saw on Instagram
who had a pretty coffee.
I bet we could attach Jessica Albaand Jonathan Taylor-Thomas by lunch.
Okay, but I still don't understandwhat a manager is.
Do they just say the namesof movies and actors?
How does that generate revenue?
No one knows, Torf. It's not important!
Be quiet, Torf. Take your Hush Pill.
Yes, Miss Teach--[gulps]
Uh-hh...
-Continue your presentation, Ruthie.-Thank you.
-And finally, Rob Lowe.-Great idea, Princess Carolyn.
But is it possible you've forgottenyour doctor's appointment?
-Oh, fish!-It's my fault.
I rescheduled it in an attemptto make your life easier.
Thank you, Judah! I'll call youif I think of any more actor names.
[sighs]Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba...
-God, this is taking forever.-We've been waiting for 15 minutes.
I know. Let's just go home.
No, Diane.How could you even suggest that?
This is not about us.This is for my daughter.
-Ugh.-I know what I have to do.
Excuse me, excuse me. Pardon me.
Important celebrity doing the right thing.
-Whoa, a famous guy!-And he's doing the right thing?
This is like when George Clooneymarried that less famous lady!
-Wait. Don't you mean Jurj Clooners?-Who cares?
Hello, friend.
-Yes, it's me, BoJack Hor---Number?
I'm sorry, I don't give outmy personal phone number.
No, your number. You need a numberor I can't help you, BoJack Hor.
Horseman. It's Horseman.I don't look familiar to you at all?
-Eh.-Come on, BoJack. Let's get a number.
Wait a minute. You're Diane Nguyen!
I recognize youfrom your Girl Croosh avatar.
I loved "Twenty Reasonsto Try the Diva Cup."
Oh, wow, thanks! You didn't think20 was too many reasons?
-No way. Number 14 blew my mind!-Didn't I say it would?
We don't have time.Where do we get a number?
-That line.-What?
And you'll need these-- [grunts]forms.
Ow, paper cut! Who still uses paper?
Can't I just swipe an app or something?
-Bye, Diane! Keep up the great work!-[giggles]
Oh, get over yourself.
-[sighs]-[door opens]
-So? What's the prognosis?-Hmm...
I'm trying to think of the best wayto put this.
As Charles Lindbergh would say,
"Sometimes you fly an airplane,and sometimes you lose a baby."
In this case, you didn't fly the airplane.
Wait, what?
Your pregnancy is no longer viable.
Well, how do we make it viable again?
Mm-mm...
How did this happen?
Goodness, I don't know.
I wouldn't beat yourself up.Miscarriages happen for so many reasons.
There's nothing medically wrong with you.Maybe you just wanted the baby too much.
Maybe you didn't deserve itbecause you were unkind once.
Maybe you ran afoul of a trickster godor wood nymph who is now exacting revenge.
Oof!This is... a lot.
Not for me. This is my job,so... pretty regular day.
What do I do next?
Well, there's a procedure.We can do it here later this week.
You want Darlene to call someoneto drive you home?
No, I'm okay. I don't need anyone.
You're a real tough broad.Except for, you know, the uterus area.
Pretty weak.
[gasps]
-Hey, is my necklace ready?-Oh, I was going to call you.
When I was working on your necklace,I realized something.
-Oh?-It's not actually gold,
it's just gold plated. See?
No, it's very expensive.
It's pretty, but basically worthless.
And I'm only saying it's prettyto make you feel better.
But, it's from the old country.It's been in my family for generations.
No, this is costume jewelryfrom J.C. Penney.
Circa 1963.Somebody just told you a story.
-I'm sorry.-Wha-- huh?
So, do you still want a 24-karat goldclasp on this garbage necklace, or...?
[sniffles] Oh-hh!
[gasps, sobs]
-[ringtone plays]-Oh!
Ralph, hey!
Hi, honey. Just checkingon how the doctor's appointment went
and also to wish you a happy"Acknowledge Your Gardener Day."
It's a work in progress. Don't judge.
The doctor's appointment got pushed back.
I'm actually just walking in now.
Oh, hello. Yes, it's me, Princess Carolyn,here for my appointment.
I like your perfume.
There is a painting of a lake on the wall.
You sure it's okay I'm not there with you?
Ralph, it's fine. I'm a big girl.
Everything is so easy with you,Princess Carolyn.
I mean, that's why I love you.
Yeah, easy. [chuckles]
That's what the boys in high schoolliked about me, too.
[chuckles]Okay, I'll see you tonight.
-I love you.-I love you, too.
[beeps]
[sighs]
[slurps, moans]
Oh, I didn't realize you were still here.Do you need anything else before I go?
No. Thank you.
Should you be drinking that?
You don't always knowwhat's best for me, Judah.
Is everything okay, Princess Carolyn?
Charley Witherspoonmade you an offer to buy Vim,
and you went over my headand turned him down without telling me.
Oh.
-So it's true. You lied to me.-Yes.
Because you didn't want to workat a big agency.
-You don't fit in with other people.-I--
You're weird, so you'd rather stay herewhere you have all the power.
No, Princess Carolyn--
So you lied to me,and you made me look like an idiot!
I was trying to protect you. If you heard,you'd feel like you had to say yes.
I don't need you to protect me.
If you had time, you could decidewhat to do next
on your own terms, which you did.
Well, that's not your decision to make.
Princess Carolyn,I understand you're upset.
-And perhaps your emotions---No.
If I can't trust you,then I can't work with you.
You're fired.
[sighs]
Thank you for my time here,Princess Carolyn.
It's been very pleasurable. Until now.
This part is... sad.
Don't forget,you have reservations at 8:00.
-Thank you, Judah.-Good night.
Ruthie, this story has gotten really dark.
It has a happy ending. I promise.
Well, can we get there soon?
This assignmentwas supposed to be six beans long.
You've already gone on for eight beans.
Okay. I'm almost finished.
But first, let's check inwith BoJack and Diane again.
What have they been up to?
[beeping]Error. Error.
I'm not leavingwithout the certificate!
I danced your dance, lady.I filled out that form.
But I will not wait in this line anymore.
Not one person in hereoffered me a Fiji water,
and I am parchedfrom all the yelling I've been doing!
BoJack, let's go home.
No, I would like to registera formal complaint.
-How do I do that?-Complaints are on the eighth floor.
But you need to fill out an applicationfor a complaint registration,
which you can get by waitingin line 12-B on the third floor.
You have won this round.
So Princess Carolyn had to meet Ralph.
But she didn't know how to tell himwhat had happened
or how he'd take the news.
Okay, so, what do you thinkabout "National Paperweight Day"?
"Thanks for keeping my papers in place.I love you as big as outer space."
Okay, so you'd give that cardto a paperweight?
Ah, Principessa! And Signor Stilton.Welcome-a back.
Let's have a drink then, yes?
I'll have a glassof Châteauneuf-du-Pape,
the red wine inspired by Scandal.
That Kerry Washington has really broughtred wine into popularity.
It's a-funny,
because I thought that the terroirof the Italian countryside did it.
-But, a-no, it's-a Miss Kerry Washington.-Ugh.
Everybody love-a Miss-a Kerry.
And my gal pal herewould love some mint tea. Right?
-You know it.-Bene, bene.
How was the doctor?He tell you the species?
I can't stop thinking about squeezinglittle Philbert's baby feet.
-Aw-ww...-[Ruthie] She wanted to tell him.
But she also wanted to let him stayin his beautiful hopeful reality,
a reality she herself had lived injust hours before,
and to which she now longeddesperately to return.
Well, the doctor didn't have much info.
You know how doctors are. But he did saythere's nothing wrong with me, so--
-Ah, Miss-a Carrie Underwood.-Ooh!
-Miss-a Carey Mulligan.-Agh!
Miss-a Carey, first name Mariah,right this-a way!
-Ugh!-Look at all of these Miss-a-Carries!
-[coughing]-Are you okay?
-I have to go.-Oh. Well, you want me to drive you?
No, it's fine.I'll just meet you at home.
Hmm.
[Ruthie] But when Princess Carolyngot to the home that she and Ralph shared,
she found she didn't have the strengthto go inside.
She wanted to go some place familiar,some place that was just hers.
[sighs]
[yelps] Oh!
[whirring]
Shh!
Oh, hey, Princess Carolyn.
What is going on here?
Only the future.
This is horrifyingand it doesn't look legal,
whatever it is, you'd bettercut me in for ten percent.
I could cut you off a lot more than that.
[clown dentists laughing]
Whose kid is that?
Look, if you didn't want meto turn your apartment
into a base of operationsfor my new clown-dentist venture,
you should have specified thatwhen I moved in.
Mommy? Where's my mom?
Oh, no! He's waking up.
Hit him with the giggle gas!
-[spray hisses]-Ooh! [giggles]
[yawns]
[sighs] Oh!
All right. You're clearly doingimportant work here.
I'm just gonna have a quick nightcapand go to bed.
♪ What up?Let's rock this party ♪
-♪ H2 limo and a case of Bacardi... ♪-[splashing]
 ♪ Look at me, I'm a dumb cat queenMy baby was the size of a kidney bean ♪
Hey, what happened to your necklace?
Oh, fish! Fish, fish, fish, fish.
It must have fallen off!
-[knocking]-[Ralph] Princess Carolyn?
-[all gasp]-Yeah, just a second!
-Todd, get these clowns outta here!-Go, go, go, go.
Scatter, clowns!
Into the night! Go! Go!
[Princess Carolyn]Go, scamper! Everybody, out!
[clowns whooping]
Ugh!
[sighs]
Okay.
-Oh, hello, handsome.-Oh, thank God!
You didn't come home, didn't answeryour phone. I was worried.
Aw, you was worried?
Judah told me you might be here.Did you fire him?
That hipster Chewbacca,always getting in my personal biz-natch.
I didn't know you still had this place.Why do you still have this place?
Okay, what? Third degree much?
-Have you been drinking?-It's fine, okay?
-I get to drink because baby went gone!-What?
"Gone, baby, gone."Like that Ben Affleck movie.
That could be a sequel.Gone, Baby, Never Was. Write that down.
-Oh, my God, Princess Carolyn.-It's okay! You know me.
I always land on my feet.
Take a lickin', keep tickin'.
Like a lollipop with Tourette's.Write that down.
So you were lying earlier at dinner?
Is that what you're upset about?That I lied?
About losing the baby?About keeping my apartment?
I lied? That's the big sad thingthat happened?
Trying to processwhat you threw at me.
It's gonna be fine.I'll be pregnant again in no time.
I'm so sorry. Let me take you home.
-When you're ready to try again---I'm ready!
I said I was ready.
So we'll go back to the doctor,maybe talk about other options.
I don't need other options.My mother had 12 kids.
My body was made for this.We just gotta keep tick-tick-tickin'.
I know you wanna do this on your own,
but you've had two miscarriages now, and--
-Five!-What?
I've had five miscarriages.
One last year, now one,and three others before.
-But it's whatever. It's okay.-Why didn't you tell me?
Are you kidding?I don't want you looking at me like that.
Like that! I know I can do this.
You can't keep stuff like this from me.It's not okay.
-It's not about you.-It is. This is about us.
You're not allowed to be mad at me.
-This is my bad day.-It's our bad day.
It's so easy for you...to love me when everything's good.
Princess Carolyn, I...
-Let me take you home.-No.
You need to live in this.You need to get used to this,
because if you're serious about havinga baby with me, this could happen again.
Are you prepared for that?
This could happen five more times.But I'm ready for that.
Because I want this.Do you want it that bad?
[sighs]
I just think we shouldmaybe talk about other options.
Okay. Here's another option.
-Get out of my apartment!-I'm sorry.
Get out! Save it for your next girlfriend.
The one you can take home to your parents.The one who's easy.
Goodbye, Princess Carolyn.
[sighs]
[door opens]
-[cork squeaks]-[ringtone plays]
-[beeps]-What is it?
I'm calling about the offers.I don't want to do 'em.
What's the point of being famousif you wait in line?
If you could politely declineon my behalf--
I do not work for you, BoJack!
I'm sorry. I started this all wrong.How was your day?
-[moans] Well---Because mine was awful.
I mean, truly, one for the books.
Because I'm a good guytrying to do the right thing.
First, I go for my breakfast Pinkberry,
which I had earnedbecause I had good intentions for today,
they're out of my favorite toppings!
So I go across the street to Menchie's,like some kind of hobo.
[chuckles]Mm-hmm.
At Menchie's, the stupid teen thatworked there raised her eyebrows at me.
"You kidding me?You're trying to judge me?
You have very uneven eyebrowsand you work at a Menchie's."
And don't even get me startedon the rancid internment camp
that is the L.A. County Courthouse.
Hey, you wanna know what I do
when I have a really bad,awful, terrible day?
What?
I imagine my great-great-greatgranddaughter in the future
talking to her class about me.
She's poised and funny,and tells people about me
and how everything worked outin the end.
And when I think about that,
I think about how everything'sgoing to work out.
Because how else could she tell people?
But it's... fake.
Yeah, well... it makes me feel better.
♪ Oh, heart, oh, heartStop making a fool of me ♪
♪ I'm everything that a flower is ♪
♪ I plan to make about 30 kids ♪
♪ Gotta sink for his and hersAnd hers for his ♪
♪ One mill where my cotton is ♪
♪ I'm your baby, I'm basicallyThe B-girl that's been baking ♪
♪ Your heart in my stoveHungry for your love ♪
♪ Oh, heart, oh, heartStop making a fool of me ♪
♪ Fool, fool, fool ♪
♪ Fool, fool, fool... ♪
Boxer vs. Raptor,♪ Na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na ♪




Season 4 ep. 10 
















[groaning]
[moans]
[muffled] Give it a moment.
Nothing gets by me, Tina.Uno what I'm thinking?
-[mutters]-I don't think you have any blues.
I think you put the wild card down,and chose blue,
because you want usto think you have blues.
-Just go already!-Uh, excuse me.
I am employinga little something called "strategy."
I am taking my time becauseI enjoy being the center of attention.
Until I put a card down,you have to listen.
It's been your turnfor ten minutes.
Well, since you're being so impatient,
I'm gonna put my thing down,flip it and reverse it back to Tina.
-[groans]-[growls] Uno.
So you did have blues. Touché.
Henrietta, don't use a foreign languagein front of the child.
She'll get ideas.
-It's your turn, Beatrice.-Ah, ah, ah, ah!
-You okay, Hollyhock?-Yeah, I'm-- I'm awesome.
I feel really good.
I just-- I need a glass of water.
Oh! Beatrice, trying to slipa nine on a six.
You think I've never seenan old niner-sixer before?
-Ah! Ow!-Whoa, are-- are you okay?
I'm fine! I just-- Ow!
Did you cut yourself?It's okay. I know what to do.
You need some alcohol, ice,a squeeze of lemon.
-You'll forget all about your cut.-I'll be right back.
One.
[panting]
Oh!
[moans]
Oh!
[cell phone buzzing]
[moaning]
-[camera shutter clicks]-[cries out]
[theme music playing]
Californians are feeling the pinch,and you butter believe
it's "beclaws"of Woodchuck Coodchuck-Berkowitz.
I see, you're referringto my hideous transplant lobster claws
in an effort to distract--
Do you want a governorwho can be rendered defenseless
-with two rubber bands?-[groans]
[Tom Jumbo-Grumbo]Woodchuck is down in the polls.
Californians just aren't connectingwith his message.
I have a very importantpolicy announcement.
-I've got new hands, baby!-[crowd cheering]
Now Woodchuck is way up in the polls!
I guess his messagewas connecting with voters after all.
Hey! How you doin'?Looking good.
-[coos]-Mmm...
-[gasps]-Oh!
[laughs]
What's the big deal?I have hands too.
There's no way those new handsare as perfect as everyone says.
Nobody's hands are all the way clean.Computer, zoom in on that thumb.
And enhance. Zoom in again.
Enhance again.
Zoom in three more times.Enhance. Enhance.
Now zoom out once.De-enhance.
Okay.
What are you doing?
Quiet, "Face.""Brain" is working on something.
Computer, take a scanon that thumbprint
and cross-reference, please.
[printer whirring]
-Ha! Just what I expected.-What?
Before Woodchuck,the hands belonged to one
Ernest Contralto, a criminal.The man was a pedophile murderer.
Well, if you gotta murder somebody...
No, Tom. Not a pedophile-dash-murderer.A pedophile-slash-murderer!
Oh, no! The way you said "slash"was very scary!
At first I didn't like him,on account, uh... he didn't have hands?
But then he got new hands,so I liked him again?
But then I found out those hands are bad!Can't trust politicians.
She's killing us on this hands thing.
Much like Ernest Contraltokilled those innocent children
after he pedophiled them,with those very hands.
Not helping!
Your hands are beingreally aggressive right now.
-[groans]-Watch out! They're attacking your face!
Hey, girl, whatcha working on?Getting some clicks?
Get them clicks, girl.Get. Them. Clicks.
I'm working on another big pieceabout how Jessica Biel is owned
by private prison lobbyists, who want--
Oh, my Gaia, Diane, nobody cares.I care and I don't even care.
So imagine how littlesomeone who doesn't care cares.
-Well...-What if you had lunch with her?
-Why would---You could write about
what she smells like,how she makes her face pretty.
These are things people will wantto know about our first female governor.
Ugh!
[screeching]
I'll have the avocado toast.
But instead of the avocado part,I want fresh sea air,
and instead of the toast,I'll have a single grain of rice.
-And for you?-Grilled cheese?
Thank you for meeting me here, Diane.I just wanted to tell you,
you can keep writingwhatever you want about me.
Obviously, it has no effect on the polls,
because the only thing voters care aboutis stupid bullshit, so knock yourself out.
Well, today I just want to knowwhat you smell like.
It's actually my new fragrance:"Bielist," by Jessica Biel.
-Your perfume's called "B"-list?-"Bielist."
"B"-list. Like a "B"-list celebrity.
-No, "Bielist" like Jessica Biel.-I think we're saying the same thing.
Do you want some?I got a whole trunk of this stuff.
-No, thanks.-You sure?
Mr. Peanutbutter always lovedthe way I smelled.
Well, I wouldn't flatteryourself too much.
He's very enthusiasticabout smelling in general.
He's enthusiastic about everything.
Oh, my God. Does he still havethat dumb magic eye poster?
What? No.
When we were married,he was obsessed with it.
And he would make mestare at it for hours.
Yeah, I bet.
But then, all of a sudden, I saw it.And it was incredible.
And I was so happythat I had waited long enough
to experience this beautiful thing,and I felt so...
Why is this disgusting avocadoon my plate?
-Oh, I...-I feel personally attacked right now.
-Oh, so sorry.-[retches]
Anyway,as I was saying about the poster,
it's funny how something so stupidcould have this tremendous power.
You know what I mean?
Yeah. I think I do.
A blog post about Jessica Bielis gaining attention
for the seemingly minor detail
that the candidatewould not eat an avocado,
calling the savory fruit,quote, "disgusting."
Who doesn't like avocados?
I don't know if Jessica Bielhas the right judgment to lead California.
And I was totally convinced before,
-so it's really...-Whoa!
...the avocado thingthat I have a problem with.
Why would you saythat you hate avocados?
I just have to live my truth, Katrina.
[groaning]
Her polls,like an avocado exposed to air,
have quickly turned from a verdant greento a mushy brown.
And with only seven daysuntil the election,
her campaign might be in the pits.
Wow. Who'da thunkthat such a small trivial detail
could be the thing to take Biel down?
Yeah, who'da thunk it?
Who knew?
I knew. I put the avocado thingin the story on purpose,
I knew people wouldn't like it.
So just for the record, I "thunk" it.
Even though it doesn't matter.I don't need credit.
But it does, if I didn't do that,it wouldn't have happened.
So, it's because of me.
-Well, whoever is responsible---Me. I just told you.
We shouldn't get too excited just yet.
The election is a week away,and a lot can happen in a week.
This is far from over.
It's over. And the clear winneris Woodchuck Coodchuck-Berkowitz.
-All right!-Huzzah!
-We did it!-High five! [laughs] Low five!
Shadow puppet!
Hand jive! Yes!
[laughs]
-We did it, didn't we?-We did!
You and me, working together,both contributing the same amount.
Well, I wrote the articlethat got Woodchuck elected governor.
You're the one that made himnot governor in the first place.
I set 'em up. You knock 'em down.
Thank you for meeting me here.
My name is Yolanda Buenaventuraof the Better Business Bureau.
It would be funnierif your name was Betty Buenaventura
of the Better Business Bureau.
Well, I'm sorry you don't findmy name sufficiently comical,
but this is actuallya very serious matter.
-Oh.-We've received complaints
from several concerned parents.
It seems that manyof your clown dentists
aren't actually licensedto practice medicine.
Isn't laughter the best medicine?
No. It is the worst medicine.
If you can even call it medicine,which, legally, you cannot.
Well, what if I said my businesswas for entertainment purposes?
That would require your employeesto be entertaining.
According to your reviews on Yelp,your clown dentists are, quote,
"A cotton candy nightmare of Freudianinvention that shakes one to the core."
Ah, everyone's a critic.
On Yelp? Yes, that is the idea.
It appears your business providesno service but to terrify children
and the adults who accompany them.
If this were October,you could market your venture
as some sort of spookyHalloween experience,
but since this is January,a month which, to my knowledge,
contains no Halloweens,I have no choice but to--
Wait! Wait.
What if my clown dentistsput on a show?
A delightful, whimsical,non-terrifying clown-stravaganza?
You would have to agree
we were a legitimatebusiness then, right?
-Go on.-Give us a week. We'll put on a show.
If you don't laugh,I'll dissolve the business
and release all my clown dentistsinto the woods,
where they'll never bother anyone again.
All right.
You have one week to create a showthat delights and astonishes me.
But I should warn you,I am a very tough crowd.
I once met Paul Rudd at a cocktail partyand I did not find him charming.
-[bell ringing]-Ooh!
-Excuse me.-[overlapping chatter]
-Get outta my way.-Like, hooked in a funny way.
You call that funny?That's not funny. It's sad.
Well, some would arguethat sad and funny
-are two sides of the same coin.-[cries out]
Uh, no! Abraham Lincolnand some weird flat house
are two sides of the same coin.
-Take five, Picarello.-[bell ringing]
[groans] I've got a weekto whip these dentists into clowns.
-[crashing]-[moaning]
But they're just not silly or wacky
or prone to kooky hijinks of any kind!
[sad quack]
-[gulping]-[groans] Should you be drinking that?
Why not? I got no baby or boyfriend.Might as well get blotto, right? [hiccups]
-Um, shouldn't you be at work?-I'm recal-bibrating.
-[horn honks]-Oh!
-[horn honking]-Ohh...
Hey, maybe you should--
-[phone buzzing]-Judah, look at my phone! Judah!
-You have a meeting with Flip McVicker.-[groans]
Tell his gal I'm running ten minutes late.
What gal?
-So, you're a writer?-Oh, actually that's a typo.
It should say "Waiter."
-But I'm an aspiring writer.-Uh-huh.
Sorry, that was a joke.
That's the kind of witty reparteeyou can expect from--
Yeah, yeah.Thanks for the business card.
Wait, ya know,
-I have this idea for a TV show.-Oh?
It's a grizzled former detectivewho gets sucked back in--
This sounds fabulous.
Why don't you write a script,we'll go from there?
-I already wrote it. Boom.-Oh, you brought it with you.
I don't trust email.You know, the government.
Yeah. Look, Flip, before I even read this,
I should tell youthat this town's a total crapshoot.
Odds of the right personfinding your material
and connecting with itare a million to... one.
I just know I have this great potentialinside me. I know I can do it.
Even if no one else understandsor believes in me.
I'm sure that sounds pretty stupid but...
It's not stupid. I believe in you.
I don't know how else to describe it
other than this feelingof supreme warmth came over me,
like this is what I've been waiting formy whole life.
That's amazing!
Todd, the world is dark and scaryand full of creepy clown dentists...
They're working very hardto be less creepy.
But when I hold this script in my hands,I have hope.
I gotta get this made.What do I always say?
"What's the differencebetween an agent and a manager?"
Uh, managers are alwaystalking about the differences
between agents and managersand agents don't as much?
No! Managers can produce!This script is a sign.
I gotta get off my assand produce this baby.
Todd? [hiccups]
Get me a meeting with Turtletaub.Set something up with his gal.
Who is this gal?
[snoring]
Okay. Clentists, assemble!
[clowns clamoring]
Wipe those serious looksoff your faces and listen up!
We gotta help Princess Carolyn,
but also we gotta prepfor our big show next week.
If only there was a wayto do both at once.
What a ludicrous notion!
Doctor Picarello,we might make a clown out of you yet!
Oh, joy!
[cackling]
Special delivery.
This next part is critical. Remain wacky.This is a highly frivolous situation!
-What's in the package?-It's a hand delivery item.
Hey!
-Now, Doctor Boing Boing!-I am in position.
[straining]
All right, Princess Carolyn, sit tight.
-[grunts]-Whoa!
...before, so it's really the avocado thing that I have a problem with.
[grunts]
Target is acquired.
[mimics static] Deliver the goods,Doctor Boing Boing!
Ah!
It's sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-showtime!
-Whoa!-Oh!
-Princess Carolyn!-Lenny, thanks for making time.
Didn't realize I had.
[sniffing] Are you drunk?
You smell like somebodytried to put out a fire
at the booze factory with more booze.
Uh, new perfume, "Sealist," by Seal.
Now let's get to brass stacks.
So it's a hot young writer.It's TV. It's me producing.
-"TV?"-Just look at this script.
I know it's gonna knock your socks off.
Eh...
Know that website,"What-time-is-it-right-now-dot-com,"
you go to when you wantto know what time it is?
Yeah.
They look to make a playin the gritty prestige streaming world,
and it could make a big splashwith a huge ad buy.
Plus, you got the built-in audiencewho don't know what time it is.
That's huge! That's so many people!
Yeah, yeah, this could be perfectas their first series,
but we'd have to get in fast.
They wanna premierebefore Daylight Savings.
Let's set the pitch for next week.
Philbert? Who's Philbert?
He's this grizzledbut very good-looking detective
who gets sucked back in to something.
No, I mean who is he?
-You got a star attached?-Not yet, but...
Eh, we can't go in without a big name.
TV pitching is like the Israeli flag,it's nothing without a big star.
Sorry, Princess Carolyn.
No! Fish!
Oh, whoa... ooh, spinny.
Uh-oh! She is out like sauerkraut.
[mimics static] Don't let Turtletaubget back to his office.
This sounds like a jobfor the "Waltz of the Rubber Chicken"!
[Todd] Doctor Picarello,you gotta revive Princess Carolyn.
Give her ten cc's of honka-honka.
-Stat!-[honking]
Oh![groans]
Hey! Hey! Pardon me. Excuse me!
-Oh! Allow me to lead, my lady.-Wow.
-What the shell is this?-So beautiful.
It says so muchwithout saying anything at all.
You gotta be kidding me.
Okay, okay, how about Aaron Eckhart?
He owes me a favorand he can disappear into any role.
Yeah, he can disappear so good,the audience disappears with him.
-Tony Shalhoub!-Tony Sha-who-ub?
This is"What-time-is-it-right-now-dot-com,"
not "What-time-is-it-fifteen-years-ago
-dot-Geocities-dot-com-slash-Monk-fanpage."
Please. I need this so bad.You don't understand.
This project is my ba...[hiccups] my ba...
-It's my baby.-Well, if you can't attach a real star,
-your baby's dead.-No!
Oh, thank you.
There's gotta be a namethat does something for you.
Uh, Jack Huston... Hugh... Hugh Jackman.
-BoJack Horseman!-There's someone...
-Corbin Bernsen.-No.
-Ben Mendelsohn.-No, no, no. Hold on.
-BoJack. That's an idea.-Yeah, yeah, sure. A BoJack-type.
[sighs] I swore I'd never workwith that asshole again,
but you gotta admit he's got heat.
Star of Secretariat,disappears for a year,
shows up again to do one episodeof a reality show about butts.
Right, but--
And then you get him playinga rich, complex anti-hero like Philbert,
now there's a show that screams,"What time is it right now?"
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure, sure.
I'm saying, there are a lotta guys...
P.C., can you get me BoJack or not?
-Of course I can.-I'll send over a contract, iron-clad.
I don't want to risk that jerkwadskipping town again.
-Make sure he signs it before the pitch.-Uh, will do.
And, uh, go easy on the sauce, huh, kid?Sloppy don't suit you.
♪ Rubber chickenRubber chicken ♪
Ah, I got that damn thingstuck in my head.
Guys, that was amazing!
But if we're going to convince Yolandawe're ready for the big top,
we need to really hunker downover the next week
and put together a showso undeniably hilarious
and life-affirming,that she has no choice but to say...
Wow! What a great show!Okay, you can keep your business...
-Hooray!-Perfect!
...is what I would sayif you'd put on a good show.
Just so you understand the rubricwhen I declare my actual reaction,
which is: "I did not enjoy that."
-[clamoring]-Oh, no! My hooray was premature!
So I must recommend thatyou dissolve this venture immediately.
All right, you heard the lady.Get into the car, everyone.
I'm taking you to the woods,out by the old abandoned insane asylum,
near the elementary schoolwhere you belong.
[horn honks]
[snoring]
Hey, so I'm takingthe rest of the day off.
What? Why?
Just don't feel like working right now,
so I think if I force it,I'm just gonna do a bad job.
Thank you, Stuart.
But I did want to remind youabout that bitch meeting you have
-this afternoon at that clock website.-You mean the pitch meeting.
Pretty sure it said "bitch" meetingon the calendar.
Seemed a little harsh.I could go double-check,
but the calendar'sall the way downstairs so...
-No, Stuart. Thank you.-You're welcome.
[sighs]
[dialing]
-[BoJack] What?-Hey, BoJack, great news!
-Bad time. Can't talk.-Wait, just listen for a...
-[dial tone]-[sighs]
Okay.
Here we go, baby.
Oh, man!You are not finding what you need!
The deck is a harsh mistress, Tina.Hollyhock, you gotta get in here!
Tina is drawing so many cards.It's amazing.
Hollyhock! Hollyhock?
-[body thuds in distance]-Hollyhock?
[woman] That's her name?
Yes, for the third time,her name is "Hollyhock."
And her last name?
Manheim-Mannheim, uh, Steamroller...
Is there more?
I think there's a Lopezin the mix somewhere?
A Chung maybe?
I'm sorry, sir, I can't help you.
Okay, just... any informationyou can give me
on the 17-year-old horse girlwho came here by ambulance
15 minutes ago would beof interest to my friend,
Mr. Franklin's... friend, Mr. Hamilton.
If you can't prove you'reher parent or legal guardian,
I can't release any information to you.
-Guerrero!-What?
Hollyhock Manheim-Mannheim-Guerrero...Robinson...
Zilberschlag-Hsung-Fonzarelli-McQuack.That's her name.
And she's about five-eight.
And she's 17,her birthday is in September.
And... she looks like me.
And she loves applesbut hates apple sauce.
And she's funny.
But she isn't mean.Which is pretty remarkable,
'cause a lot of 17-year-olds thinkyou have to be mean to be funny,
but Hollyhock is very sweet,
even if she can be sarcastic.
But she has this smile with...
Does that help?
No, man.Are you her legal guardian?
I'm not leaving hereuntil I get to see her.
-Have a seat.-[groans]
Well, I don't likepedophile murderer hands,
but I also don't like peopletalking trash about avocados.
-This is a real head-scratcher for me.-[groans]
I mean, what's next?The grief for every meal...
-[man] She'll be fine.-Huh?
We have to thinkwhat's best for Hollyhock.
-Hollyhock is going to be okay.-Excuse me.
Did you say Hollyhock? Are you...
Jose Guerrero.
Hello, yes! Yeah. Thank God you're here.I'm BoJack Horseman.
Yeah, we know.I'm her dad, Steve Mannheim.
I'm the wrong Mannheim to mess with.
I'm Dashawn Manheim.
I'm probablythe right Manheim to mess with,
unless we're talking abouta dance battle, in which case...
Five, six, seven, eight. Ha!
-You've been warned.-Okay. Yep.
Cupe Robinson III.I think you're just ghastly,
and I was againstthis whole caper from the bell.
-Okay.-Otto Zilberschlag.
Uh, formerly a huge fan.
-Now... just a regular fan.-Got it.
I know of you,but not through your work.
-Okay.-I'm Gregory Hsung.
I only watch foreign films.That's my deal.
Arturo Fonzarelli, but I'm pretty coolso people call me the "Ice Man."
And I'm Quackers!
-Quack, quack, quack!-Easy, Quackers.
How's Hollyhock?They wouldn't give me information.
-Why would they? You're not her dad.-No, I know. I just... Is she okay?
She will be.The doctor said she's lucky to be alive.
What happened?
-She overdosed.-What? No.
How could you let this happen?Quack, quack!
-Quackers! Settle down.-What was she on? I had no idea.
You had no idea?
Have you looked at her?She's as thin as a pole.
You know I don't carefor your Polish jokes, Dashawn.
She told us you weretaking care of her.
-I was.-I knew she was too young
to be on her own like this.
She's a child!
She called Pedro Almodóvar'sI'm So Excited "excessively kitsch."
-Kitsch is excessive! That's the point!-Can I see her? Can I talk to her?
-You're lucky we don't call the police!-Quack, quack.
Our kid got hooked on amphetaminesbecause of you!
-No, I didn't...-Quack, quack, quack, quack.
Okay, I feel like there's a lotof male energy right now.
Why don't I come back in a couple hours?
Give Hollyhock a chance to restbefore I talk to her.
Are you insane?You are never seeing Hollyhock again.
-Look, if I could just...-Never.
[whimpers]
[muffled audio]
-I have four grapefruits.-[panting] Okay.
Henrietta, would you like a grapefruit?
I have but four,but I will share one with you,
for I am kind and honest.
[normal audio] No, no. No, no, no.
Oh, God. Oh, my God.Oh, God.
[gasping]
[panting]
-Where's the girl?-She's gone, Mom.
Oh, yes, I took her, didn't I?Where did I put her?
Oh, Henrietta,would you help me pack this?
-I want to bring it to my son.-Thanks, Mom.
-It's for my son.-Right. How did I not see it?
All this time, I thoughtyou were a terrible parent.
And you were.But I blew it even worse.
It turns out being a parent is impossible,so I guess I can't be that mad at you.
Mad at me? No, Henrietta,this is the right thing. You'll see.
Maybe we deserve each other.
Where is the girl?I made the girl coffee.
Jesus, you two and your coffee.
Wait. No.
-[panting]-Oh!
What did you put in this?
That's an old family secret.
"Chub-B-Gone?"
-Takes the pounds right off.-This whole time.
Just until she learned to take it herself.
-Of course it was you.-Henrietta!
No. All this "I-don't-know-where-I-am
or-who-my-son-stuff" is,is officially not cute anymore.
You ruined the one good thing I had.
The one thing I didn't ruin myself,but of course I did
because I thought it was a good ideato give you one more chance.
-Where is Crackerjack?-Stop. You are out of chances.
[dance music on radio]
[phone ringing]
What?
[Princess Carolyn]Hey, BoJack, great news!
-Bad time. Can't talk.-Wait, just listen--
-[line beeps]-[radio continues]
[woman] Thank you for holding,Mr. Horseman.
I understandyou're interested in our facility
and wanted our first available room.
No, I said "worst available room."
FYI, we keep these blinds down
because the window looks outat a Dumpster.
-Noted.-You know...
you kick me a little coin right now,
I can make sure your motheris very well taken care of.
Oh! In that case, please watch menot reach for my wallet.
Well, this is your life now.This is what it all added up to.
You, by yourself, in this room.
Best of luck. See ya never.
Who is that?
Ugh. Bye, Mom.
BoJack?
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack! ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm tryingTo hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack! ♪
[man] Boxer versus raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 4 ep. 11 
















Slow down, Henrietta.A lady mustn't rush. It's unbecoming.
I am not Henrietta! I'm your son!
My son is a ball of gas.
Yes! Your son, BoJack. I'm him.I'm the ball of gas!
But you're also a star.
Wait. Mom, do you remember--
Shh! Henrietta, I am talking to the sun.
Sun, you're a ball of gas,but you're also a star.
-We call you... "Sun."-Ugh!
Where are you taking me?Are we going to the lake house?
No, we're goingto a glorious magical place
where they'll lock youin a room by yourself
so you can't hurt anyone ever again.
Oh, that sounds lovely.Why are you driving so slowly?
-Hurry up!-Wait. You just said--
Time's arrow neither stands stillnor reverses, after all.
It merely marches forward.Isn't that right, Henrietta?
Yes, Mrs. Horseman. That's right.
[humming]
Well, here we are.
-Here?-Yes.
[humming]
Ugh!
[theme music playing]
-[wind gusting]-[children laughing]
[coughs]
[laughter]
Halt! No entry.
-But I wanna slide.-This is no mere slide.
We three are membersof an elite society
of extremely young women,
led by I,Miss Clemelia Bloodsworth.
You may not enter.
-Yeah, and also you're fat.-Oh!
I'm not fat. [coughs]
Even your lungs expostulate
as they struggle to expelyour ample corpulence.
She's saying your lungsthink you're fat too.
Father says I'm just growing.
If you do not halt, we will be forcedto physically impede your egress.
Ow! Ow! You're hurting me! Ow!
[cries out]
[grunts]
-[girls laughing]-[crying]
Beatrice, stop readingand put on your uniform.
Father, I don't feel well.[coughing]
I don't care if you're scaredof Clemelia Bloodsworth and her gaggle,
you have to go to school.
Now stop making books your friends.
Reading does nothing for young womenbut build their brains,
taking valuable resources awayfrom their breasts and hips.
-But my throat hurts.-Uniform! Now!
[moans]
[sighs]
Beatrice? Oh, my, you're hot.
Dear Lord.
[Joseph] Now listen here, it'sa mother's duty to keep her children alive
and you are continually failing!
How could you not have knownshe has scarlet fever?
Say something, damn it!What has become of you?
I swear if I'd knownthis is how you'd behave
once we severed the connectionsto your prefrontal cortex,
I'd hardly have bothered.
-Father?-[gasps] Yes, darling?
Am I to die?
Well, eventually yes,but this illness is but a hiccup
in what will be a long and happy life,
-I promise.-You promise?
In fact, some goodmay yet come of this.
Doctor says your throatis nearly swollen shut.
So perhaps you'll finally losesome of that weight
that's given you such troubles.
-Won't that be nice?-Yes, Father.
-Ow!-Suck in, Miss Sugarman, please.
Polly, be a darling and fetch mea pretty pill
and a glass of water, won't you?
Yes, Señorita Sugarman.
Beatrice, you're looking well,which is just fine,
because your debutante partyis vitally important.
Will it end poverty, war and injustice,
or bring back civil rightsactivist Medgar Evers,
who was shot in Mississippithis week?
Yes! Or rather, it will end youworrying about that nonsense
because it will land you a husband.
At least Evers' death means no one elsewill be assassinated this year, 1963.
The FBI is on too high alert to allowanything like that to happen again.
-Hmm?-Yes... well...
Your chaperone,Corbin Creamerman,
is a fine young man.
Oh, jeez.
-My lady. [chuckles] Here you go.-Thanks.
So... uh, you look nice.
Thank you, Corbin.That's the third time you've told me.
You needn't tell me again.
Oh, jeez. I'm sorry.I'm not always good at these things.
But sometimes I am.I can be. I-- I really try to be.
I'm, well, I-- I'm not. I'm really not.I don't know why.
Ah, that's all right. I'm not either.
[Joseph]Corbin's father, Mort Creamerman,
is founder of Creamerman'sCreamy Cream-based Commodities.
Think of all the free iced creamyou could, uh, serve to other people.
Father, do you aim to marry me offto Corbin Creamerman
merely because it would be goodfor business?
Well, I suppose I do have a few ideas
of how a Sugarman/Creamermanalliance might be advantageous.
-Uh-huh.-For example,
imagine a television advertisementwith a fun jingle.
♪ Have your morning coffee or tea ♪
♪ With Sugarman and Creamerman ♪
♪ But save some for... these fellas ♪
And then it's Mort and me,and we're holding up our products
with big smiles from acrossa very ordinary looking kitchen table.
Father, common Americansdon't want you on their TV sets.
You're a reminder of the disparityof wealth in this country.
Poor people find that dreadfully gauche.
You know, I sent you to Barnardto get your MRS
from a fine upstanding Columbia man,
but instead of a bacheloryou returned home
with a bachelor's degreeand a mouth full of sass.
What a waste!
[sighs]
-[Corbin] You look nice.-Thank you.
Oh, my... Beatrice Sugarman?Doth my eye belie me?
Oh, Clemelia Bloodsworth.Why are you here?
I must say,it's tremendous you're finally debuting.
Better late than never, hmm?[chuckles]
Ugh! I'm only doing this for my father,who has very old-fashioned ideas
about how a woman is to live her life.
Poor Corbin here is saddledwith chaperoning me.
Oh, I don't feel saddled.
In truth,I find these parties to be garish,
self-serving wastes of money.
Oh, and I'm sure yourswas particularly horrendous, Clemelia.
[spits and coughs]
Oh, my! How repugnant!
Uh... scotch on the rocks.
-Do I know you?-[chuckles]
Nope, just crashing some dumbdebutante's party. [chuckles]
Oh, do you mean for "dumb"to describe the party or the debutante?
Because I might agree with you,or I might be offended.
You're the dumb debutante, aren't you?
Beatrice Sugarman.Welcome to my dumb party.
Butterscotch Horseman.Charmed, I'm sure.
You crash a lot of these?
I'll take my free alcoholwhere I can get it.
Saving for California.
What's in California?
Ginsberg, Cassady, Squirrelinghetti.
This is where you ask meif those are towns, and I smirk at you.
I am familiar with the Beats,thank you.
I like Ginsberg all right,but if you ask me,
that Squirrelinghetti is nuts.
-What's your interest in them?-What's my interest?
They're the greatest mindsof our generation.
I'm heading west to join them,because I'm one of the greatest minds too.
-I see.-You will see.
I'm writing the nextGreat American Novel.
Oh, what's it about?
It's about truth! It's about war!
It's about the twilighting frontierof the lives that were promised us.
But what is it about?Who are the characters?
I never claimed to havethe whole thing
sorted out just yet, did I?
Sounds like a best seller.
You're sarcastic, which is an ugly thingfor a woman to be.
I don't know how you expectto nab a husband at a party like this
with a personality like that.
Oh, congratulations. You and my fatherexpress the same concerns.
[chuckles] If I were your old man,
I'd be anxiousto get you married off, too.
I bet your thank-you lettersare perfunctory,
your flower arrangementsare uninspired,
and your curtsy is an embarrassment.
-[chuckles]-[laughs]
Looks like you pegged meas well as I pegged you.
[clicks tongue]
What must your mother think of you?
Oh, she doesn't think much...about anything, anymore.
Oh. I'm sorry, did... did she pass?
-No, not exactly.-Mine did.
I'm very sorry to hear that.
I was little. I don't remember, really.
But she had a diamond just like yours.I saw it in a picture once.
Oh...
-[BoJack] Yes, this is my mother.-What?
I'd like to leave her here.
Can I pay for the next five years nowso I don't have to think about her again?
-Wha-- Oh.-[Corbin] Oh, jeez, I--
I'm sorry to interrupt,but we have to do the thing now,
where we do the... things.
Oh-- oh, right. Um...
-Please excuse me.-Of course, it sounds very important.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Sugarmanpresent their daughter,
Miss Beatrice Elizabeth Sugarman.
Chaperoned by Mr. Corbin C. Creamerman.
Look at her go, folks.
Clearing every hurdle.
Look at that form.
What precise movements.
-[Beatrice] Five, six...-[man] Beautiful trot.
[softly] Truly outstanding.
A lovely lady indeed.
-Ta-da!-[applause]
[clears throat]Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me.
Oh...
Excuse me.
Don't you know it's rude to leavewithout saying goodbye to the hostess?
Why don't you come with me?
It'll dispense with the need for goodbyes,thus eliminating my transgression.
Oh! You want me to leavemy own party with you?
The low-life who wasn't even invited?
-[glass shatters]-Yeah.
But I suppose Daddywouldn't like that, would he?
[both moaning]
Oh, Beatrice. [sputters]
-I have wonderful news.-I'm reading.
Corbin Creamerman has come to call.He'd like to take you for a Sunday stroll.
I am not interestedin Corbin Creamerman.
I don't give a damnwhere your interests lie!
After the disappearing act you pulledat your own party,
you're lucky I don't fill a jarwith jellied beans
and marry you off to the manwho can closest estimate the amount.
Heavens!
Corbin Creamerman is willingto give you a second chance,
he is downstairs waiting,and you will be civil to him.
[huffs]
And the way they makenon-dairy creamer
is by replacing the milk fatwith vegetable oil.
That's why it doesn't need refrigeration.
-Pretty nifty, huh?-Is that so?
-Oh, jeez, I'm boring you.-Not at all. I don't find you boring.
Only the things you chooseto talk about,
and the way in whichyou talk about them.
Oh, I... I'm sorry. I...I just get excited by food chemistry.
You know, you take somethingyou thought you knew,
and then discoverthere's so much more to it
than you could have possibly imagined.
-It's like... magic.-Oh?
My father is less enchanted.
He says it's just squeezing moneyout of cow teats.
I suppose that's true,but I got ideas too,
and I feel I never get to be anythingother than what he expects me to be.
You know what that's like?
I do.
You know, Corbin,
it occurs to methat perhaps you and I aren't so--
-[retching]-Oh, dear!
[screams]
[whistles]Nice gams.
[whistles]Nice gams.
Is that the only thingyou can think of to say?
[whistles]Nice... gams.
-[sighs]-Uh...
-Beatrice, what are you doing here?-I had to look you up in the phone book.
The number you gave mewas to a pizza parlor in Brownsburg.
What? Are you sure?
Butterscotch, I'm pregnant.
-Wha---[whistles] Whoa, boy!
Come on, Bopper,can you give us some privacy?
Sure thing, Butterscotch.You take it easy.
[whistling]
Are you certain it's mine?
Well, whose else could it be?
What do you wanna do?Maybe you have a cousin,
who has a... a friend,who knows a doctor,
who can take careof such inconveniences?
I'm-- I'm happy to dothe gentlemanly thing and...
and pay for the cab fare.
No. I can't.
Well, that doesn't leave uswith very many options.
I'm a ruined woman.
Don't be hysterical.You're not ruined.
It's a verifiable factyou look more beautiful than ever.
[scoffs] Oh, what do you know?
It was a pretty great nightwe had together, huh?
It was.
Say, did you ever hear the storyof the couple who moved to California?
I can't say that I have.
Oh, it's a marvelous adventure.
You see, they hardly knew each other,
but they shared a certain sensitivityand a taste for the unknown.
They were living in a one-horse town,so they headed west,
towards a town that couldaccommodate three horses.
Oh, yes, I think I have heard this story.
They got a small housein San Francisco near the bookstore.
He got in good with Squirrelinghettiand his scurry.
He wrote his Great American Novel...
While his wife took care of the baby.
His wife?Oh, well, I didn't hear about that part.
Well, if she'd have him.
If a beautiful creature like herselfcould ever love an oaf like him.
-I think she could.-Yeah?
And isn't that how the story goes?
[jazz plays]
♪ I was blue constantly ♪
♪ You came along ♪
♪ Cured my blue song ♪
♪ Love really happened to me ♪
-[crying]-Come on, come on, come on.
-Sleep.-The baby's hungry.
I tried. He won't eat.I don't know what he wants.
Well, can you figure it out?
If I don't sleep, how can I workto support you and the child,
let alone have energy left over to write?
Maybe if anyone wanted to pay youfor anything you wrote,
we'd be able to afforda nanny and a maid.
Well, if Squirrelinghettiand his horde of commie, liberal,
Jew-loving rejectsknew what good writing was,
I'd be able to sell something.
Oh, so they're all wrong,and you're right.
-[baby wails]-[both groan]
Why won't you just takethat corner office job at Sugarman West
instead of breaking your backall day at the cannery,
and then maybe you could afford mesome decent help around here?
You want me to work for your father,and get paid for it,
like some sort of slave?
-That is the opposite of slavery.-Is it?
Yes, it is!You have no facility for language.
-[baby crying]-Oh, will you at long last be quiet?
You wanted that baby.Never forget that.
I need quiet!
[crying continues]
[groans] You'd better be worth all this.
[crying]
-Well, you're not.-I'm not what?
Mommy's tired, BoJack.Tell me a story.
-[stammers] Oh, once upon a time...-[door opens]
-[door slams]-Quiet. Your father's home.
How was work, darling?
Ugh! Terrible.Those fish do not like being canned.
Well, I burnt dinner, again.
But you can pickat the charred remains
and delight me and your simple son
with stories of your noble,salt-of-the-earth co-workers
like Eight-Finger Joeand Sports-Team Steve...
-Oh, God.-...before locking yourself
-in your study for the night...-Know what?
...to chip away at yournever-ending goddamn novel.
I'll clean up the kitchen,
-and bathe our filthy child.-If you could just--
And we'll just keep waltzing
-through this goddamn...-Would you--
-...proletariat dream.-No--
Maybe if the goddamn babywasn't crying all the time,
I could finish the goddamn novel.
I'm not a baby. I'm six.
Yes, wah, wah, ga, ga, goo, goo.
I'm forming sentences.
Oh, and I can't? Everyone's a critic.
I can see the headline now,
"Idiot Son Thinks Dad's Book is Great,comma, Son is Idiot."
I didn't say your book is great.
I can't live like this!
I should have marriedCorbin Creamerman.
Ha! Like he'd have you.
Oh, he would have.And he would have been kind to me.
And he wouldn't have beentoo much of a stubborn ass
to take a decent jobat my father's company!
Fine! I'll take the corner office,with the company car, six-figure salary,
and four weeks paid vacation,
but if my novel becomes badbecause I no longer remember
what it's like to be working class,we'll know of whom to be blamed.
-[door slams]-Oh.
[classical music plays]
A little to the left. Good choice.
Just over... Careful with that.That looks great.
Hello? You're always in the way.
-Why don't you go play?-Okay.
-Go do something.-Bye, Mom.
You are fired. Vacuum.Thank you. Stat.
Goodbye. Thank you.
Henrietta, will you help me pack this?I want to bring it to my son.
[laughs] Oh, that's so nice.I love a good painting.
It's like TV without all the talkingand movement.
Jesus, what is that ghastly thing?
It belonged to Father.
I'm giving it to BoJack.
I never cared for the aesthetic arts.Dulls the senses.
Art should be straightforwardand utilitarian, like my novel.
I can't wait to read it.
Books are fantastic.The words tell stories.
-Henrietta, the painting.-Right away, Mrs. Horseman.
I shouldn't have to ask you twice.
God gave you two earsand me only the one mouth, after all.
-You could be nicer to her.-No one's ever nice to me.
-Why should I be nice?-Beatrice...
Just because the maidbats her little eyes at you
and makes barely-qualifying- for-conversation conversation,
doesn't mean I'm so easily seduced.
I don't knowwhat you're insinuating. I--
Oh, I'm sure she makes you feellike a big smart man,
never challenges you,
and thanks you for helping herstudy for nursing school.
As a matter of fact,she is studying for nursing.
I know. I can hearyour flirting through the wall,
when you're supposedly"working on your novel."
I bet you thinkshe's falling in love with you.
You sensitive, misunderstood artist.Ugh. Won't she be disappointed.
I don't know why you don'tjust get a divorce already.
Oh, sure, that's the Hollywood way.
"We're out of mustard.Let's get a divorce!"
"I'm a little sad. Divorce!"
"We've grown apart over the years
and our adult childhas moved out of the house
and there's no reason for usto stay together. Divorce!"
That actually is a legitimate reasonto get a divorce.
Well, who else would have me now?After what you did to my body?
-What I did?-Anyway, do you want this painting?
It belonged to your grandfather,a man who knew what marriage meant.
[muffled dialogue]
Sure.
I drove it all the way down here,didn't I?
-You might as well take it.-I said I'll take it.
Of course. Take.That's all you ever do.
How long you sticking around for, Mom?
[sighs] Just pour me a drinkand I'll be on my way.
Yeah, let's get you good and liquored upbefore you drive up the coast.
I got a date with Tonya Harding tonight.
She was the good one?I always get them confused.
I heard your show was canceled.
Three years ago now.You're really on the pulse, huh?
I never understood the appeal.
-It's just a bunch of silly stories.-Some people like silly stories.
Lotta good they ever did me.
It's not Ibsen, but...
It would only depress meto watch you bumble around like that.
All the sacrifices I made,so that you could do this.
Thanks for the painting.
It'll be nice to have something thatalways reminds me of this conversation.
[screams]
[screaming]
[clearing throat]
-Uh, Beatrice.-What?
I, uh--[clears throat]
-I gummed things up. [nervous chuckle]-Oh?
It's Henrietta.
The girl went and got herself pregnant.
Oh, she got herself pregnant?
Can you talk to her?Just woman to woman?
She wants to have the baby.I-- I can't talk her out of it.
-What do you want me to say?-I'm out of options, Bea.
You think I enjoy grovelingto my own wife, hat in hand?
If you weren't so neglectfulin your wifely duties...
-Don't you dare.-I'm sorry. What do--
I don't know what to do. I...
Please. Just--just fix this for me, please.
I know you hate me, Bea,but please just think of the poor girl.
[exhales] Oh, God.
You're fired, of course.
I'm so sorry, Mrs. Horseman.
He was just so kind to meand I felt so--
Let me guess, he said you reminded himof his dead mother.
He said she had hair like mine.He saw it in a picture once.
[sighs]
-Do you really want this child?-I... I think so?
It's a baby horse.[chuckles] A girl.
[sighs]
I need help. I'm studying to be a nurse,and tuition keeps going up.
None of that is my fault.
If I can just finish schooland get a job, it'll be okay.
And who's going to carefor the baby while you work?
Because God knows he won't.
[sobbing]
Well, don't do that.What does that solve?
I don't know what else to do,Mrs. Horseman.
All right. We'll pay for your tuition.
-Really?-Yes.
And you'll give the baby upfor adoption.
[gasps]
No.
You think you want this,but you don't. Not like this.
Mrs. Horseman--
Don't throw away your dreamsfor this child.
Don't let that man poison your lifethe way he did mine.
You are going to finish your schoolingand become a nurse.
You'll meet a man, a good man,and you'll have a family,
but please believe me,you don't want this.
Oh...
Please, Henrietta,you have to believe me.
Please, don't do what I did.
Mm-hmm.
[panting and grunting]
[screaming]
[panting]
[screaming]
My-- My baby!Where's my baby?
[screaming]
[crying]
[screaming]
[crying]
[sighs]
-Oh, look at you.-[chuckles]
-You did it, Henrietta.-[panting]
Oh, my God.
[humming]
No, no, no. No, please.
Please don't. Stop.
Stop! Why are you doing this?
Beatrice, rememberwhat we say about crying?
-Mm-hmm.-Crying is stupid.
But, Father,tell them not to burn my things.
But, darling, they have to.Your sickness has infected everything.
The hard part is over.
Wait. Wait. I wanna hold her.
-No. You'll get attached.-Wait!
It all must be destroyedfor your own good.
-I need to hold her.-This is for your own good.
-But not my baby.-Yes. Especially your baby.
-Whoop!-[gasps]
See, doesn't that feel better?
[Beatrice cries] No!
My baby!
Wait, please. I need to hold her.
-No, no.-[crying]
Wait. No, please come back.I need to hold her. Please.
[screams]
No!
Come on now, be strong.
You can't let your womanly emotionsconsume you.
You don't wanna end uplike your mother now, do you?
[faint screaming in distance]
-[sobs] No.-I promise.
One day this willall be a pleasant memory.
Best of luck. See ya never.
-Who is that?-[groans] Bye, Mom.
BoJack?
-Mom?-BoJack? Is that you?
Yeah, it's me.
-Well, oh, what is this place?-This is where you live now.
-No. Is it? No.-Mom...
-Where are we, BoJack?-I just told you.
I don't understand.
-Where... Where am I?-You're...
in Michigan.
-Michigan?-Yeah.
-At the lake house.-I am?
It's a-- It's a warm summer night,
and the fireflies are dancingin the sky.
And your whole family is here.
And they're telling youthat everything is gonna be all right.
Yes. That's right. What else?
The crickets are-- are chirping,and the lake is still,
and the night is full of stars.
I can see it. It's so clear.
What are we doing here, BoJack?
We're sitting on the back porch,
and we're listening to your brotherplay the piano,
and we're eating ice cream.
Vanilla ice cream.
Yes. That's right.
Oh, it's all so marvelous.
Can you taste the ice cream, Mom?
Oh, BoJack.
It's so...
delicious.
♪ Back in the '90s I was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack! ♪
♪ BoJack the Horseman Don't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm tryingTo hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'll just tryAnd make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack! ♪
[man] Boxer versus raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na ♪




Season 4 ep. 12
















[Princess Carolyn] I got intothis business because I love stories.
They comfort us, they inspire us,
they create a contextfor how we experience the world.
But also, you have to be careful,
because if you spenda lot of time with stories,
you start to believe that lifeis just stories, and it's not.
Life is life, and that's so sad,
because there's so little time and...
what are we doing with it?
-[clocks ticking]-Thank you.
When Princess Carolyn told me
we were pitchingto whattimeisitrightnow.com,
I was excited,
because in so many ways,the story I'm about to tell is about time.
And it's about time this story was told.
-Ooh!-Ahh!
[Flip] It's about Detective John Philbert,a man from another time.
[sighs]
[Flip] But now he finds himselfin a new time.
-I'm sorry, did you say newt time?-No, no, new time.
Oh, so it's not like a time full of newts?
No.
Unless you want it to bea time full of newts.
-No, no, no, no. I'm just clarifying.-Okay.
He finds himself in a timehe doesn't understand.
-[sighs]-[phone dialing]
-[man] Don't call this number again.-Wait. I-- I just--
My mother, she's senile,and she was drugging the coffee.
That's why-- Just--
I wanted you to know thatnone of this was Hollyhock's fault.
[man] Goodbye, BoJack.
[Flip] A time in which he is alone.
Perhaps, all this time,he's been alone.
-Except for the newts, right?-Hmm.
Yeah. Except for the newts.
[theme music playing]
And then it dawns on him,his partner isn't a ghost.
Or is he?
-Wow!-As we like to say here,
there are little hand ideasand big hand ideas.
And that's a big hand idea.
And you said BoJack Horsemanis attached?
What? Oh, yeah.BoJack is attached.
But he's not like "attached" attached.
If you want usto get somebody better--
Oh, no, no, no.We love BoJack.
Yeah. We don't wanna do thiswithout BoJack, just to be clear.
-Well---Oh, he's definitely attached.
He signed a contract. I saw it myself.
Oh, right. Yeah, yeah.[gulps]
So if you look to the left, you'll seea charming little breakfast nook.
-Oh!-[gasps] Look at that!
But if you want more natural light,
you could knock down that walland put in these...
-French doors!-That is so cool!
-You actually don't have to yell.-Wait, Diane.
Are we in the same house right now?I don't see you.
I can hear you.I think we're close!
You can't see each otherin the program.
So I'm invisible?Oh, in this scenario, am I a ghost?
Of a Union soldier, perhaps,
who cannot rest untilhis final letter is delivered!
And can I beAnne of Green Gables?
No, you're both still you.
Diane, can I talk to you alonefor a moment?
-Oh, I can step out---Sure!
Why don't you meet mein the guest bathroom? Ow!
-You don't have to.-Where's--
-Hold on. I think---Guys, I can just--
-Here we are.-Diane?
No. Careful. Okay.
-Do you really love this house?-Yeah, it's fine.
I didn't love the old house,
but it was your house and I moved in,and it was great.
But this is an opportunityto build something together.
Something that'll lastfor the rest of our lives.
Anything you want is gonna be goodwith me. Just like your old house.
But I don't want this to just beanother one of my houses.
I want this to be our house.
And it will be,because we'll both be living in it.
Mr. Peanutbutter,I don't need anything fancy.
All that matters to meis that I get to live with you.
-In the real world.-Oh!
No more campaign,no more ex-wives.
Just Diane and Mr. Peanutbutter,back to normal.
-For the rest of our lives.-That sounds great.
-We'll take it.-One second, though,
-I have to use the bathroom.-No, no, no, that's not--
You completely humiliated mein front of Sha Na Na!
[The Horse]How was I supposed to Sha Na know
they were going to invite meon the stage to do a guitar solo?
[Sabrina]You're supposed to be my dad.
You're supposed to belooking out for me.
[groans]
[Sabrina]You're the worst dad in the world!
[The Horse] Well, too badI'm the only dad you got.
[Sabrina grunts]
-[doorbell chimes]-[both] Huh?
[The Horse] O.J. Simpson lawyerand DNA expert Barry Scheck?
-[Scheck] My car broke down.-[Sabrina] What?
[Scheck] I guess it ran out of... juice.
Hi. Yeah, my mom is a resident.
I've still got a bunch of her stuff.
Don't put me on hold.Just take a message--
[Sabrina] Wait, wait!You're a DNA expert?
Could I use DNAto find my real family?
[Scheck] Well, sometimes,DNA can be a tricky thing.
Like, for example,
was Simpson DNA found at the sceneof the murder of Nicole Brown?
Sure. Was it O.J. Simpson's DNA?
-Who's to say?-Oh.
Maybe it was some other Simpson,like his son, or his father.
There's no way to know.I wouldn't worry about it.
That's too much, man--
[doorbell chimes]
-Oh.-Hey, buddy.
-Uh-oh.-She had a long day... of drinking.
I figured she shouldn'tdrive herself home.
-Good thinking.-Yeah.
I was right too,because she crashed her car.
What?
I probably should'vesaid something, but...
You need to get your shit together.
Wha-- Where am I?
Okay, so you know how you're alwaysgiving pep talks to people,
telling them they needto get their shit together?
Well, this is me giving youthe Princess Carolyn pep talk.
-Why am I tied up in the woods?-So you can't escape my wise words.
Is that not part of it?I couldn't remember.
It doesn't matter.It's all over for me.
When it gets outI faked BoJack's signature,
the deal's gonna fall apart.
There goes my reputation, my career--
Well, there's more to lifethan just your career, isn't there?
-Is there?-Isn't there?
I have nothing!
Oh! This pep talk is goingin the wrong direction.
Do you know how hard it isto start a family at my age?
-To find a guy at my age?-You don't need a guy to start a family.
You're Princess Carolyn.You can do anything.
No, I can't.
Look, the woods are dark and scary,
but the only way out is through.
I'm sorry.I got distracted by the woods.
-Um, what were we talking about?-No, you're right.
The only way out is through.
I gotta talk to BoJack.I gotta stop feeling sorry for myself.
I'm Princess Carolyn.
That's the spirit!
As my blood type always says,"B" positive!
-What was that?-I don't know.
-Oh!-Oh!
-Hey, Doctor Picarello.-[groaning]
Doctor Picarello, are you okay?
-[growling]-Todd?
-[all snarling]-[drill whirring]
So it turns out Vice ChancellorLaughing Gassy got rabies
from quarrelling with an old raccoon.
And then he started biting everyone,and now a bunch of them have rabies.
Who could have predictedmy innocent clown dentist venture
-could turn into something so terrifying?-I don't see how this concerns me.
Yolanda, the only reasonthey're in the woods at all
is because of you.
If people find out the BetterBusiness Bureau is behind this,
you don't think you'll be getting a buzz
from the Business Branchof the Board of Better Bureaus?
You're right! We have to do somethingbefore someone gets hurt.
Call me four out of five dentists,because I agree.
What?
Here we are.The rest of our lives.
Yeah, wow.
-Do you wanna go to Hawaii?-What? Right now?
Yeah! When's the last timewe did something impulsive?
Well, you did run for governorwithout giving it much--
I just think we could use a vacation.Things have been so crazy this last year.
Before we start the rest of our lives,haven't we earned a break?
All right. Let's go to Hawaii! They gotthat bridge that's just sitting there.
-We might as well use it.-All right! Hawaii, here we come!
-All right! Hawaii!-Hawaii!
-[horns honking]-[Diane] Oh.
-[Mr. Peanutbutter sighs]-[gulls squawking]
So, listen.
As you know, one of the differencesbetween agents and managers--
-Oh, my God. Stop. Please stop.-I'm producing a new TV show.
It's a phenomenal script which mayor may not involve ghost or newts.
-Does it involve ghost or newts?-It may!
-You haven't read it, have you?-Read it? I'm producing it!
-Right.-It's this gritty, hard-boiled mystery--
-Ugh! I'm so sick of mysteries.-Right, well--
They're impossible to figure out.
Then all of a sudden, some random detailmakes the hero remember a conversation
that totally re-contextualizes everything,and then it all magically comes together.
-Sure, but---It's such bullshit.
Where's my random detail that's gonnasuddenly make everything make sense?
Because I would love that.
Well, this script is really special,and everyone wants to play the lead,
from Matthew McConaugheyto Matthew Perry.
-Matthew Perry?-Yeah. But I was thinking--
Hold on. Matthew Perry...
Hey, BoJack, which oneof these pictures more says,
"This daughter looks like a cool ladythat I wanna have in my life"?
Why do you ask?
I'm writing a letter to my momand I want to include a picture.
I'm going to send itto the adoption agency.
Maybe if they still have her addresson file, they can forward it to her.
Seems like a long shot. How abouta better strategy is, don't do that,
and then you won't be disappointedwhen it doesn't work out?
I'm trying everything.I don't wanna look back at this
and feel like the endof "Chandler's List," you know?
-You mean Schindler's List.-Never saw it.
I'm talking about "Chandler's List,"
the sketch from when Matthew Perryhosted SNL.
-Remind me?-Okay.
So it's Chandler from Friends,
and it's World War II,and he's got this list.
And the whole time, he's like,"I'm Chandler!
Could I have a bigger list?"
But then at the end, the war's over,and he's like...
-"Could I have had a bigger list?"-Whoa.
He's haunted because he feelslike he could have done more.
You know, he's like,
"Could I be any more feelinglike I could have done more?"
I have to go.
Look, I'm trying to do you a favor here![groans]
[door slams]
[panting]
Oh. [gasps]
Huh.
Huh?
-[snarling]-[music playing]
Shh!
Yes. Get the magazine.
What a fine additionto your waiting room.
-Oh, no!-[drill whirrs]
[music playing at faster tempo]
-[screaming]-[drill whirring]
[grunting, groaning]
-Oh, God.-[clown growling]
What are we gonna do, Todd?
-Guys, let's talk this out.-[drill whirring]
[horn honking]
Run. Ouchie! Ouchie!
[both panting]
-Oh, man.-I've never run that fast in my life.
-Me neither.-I gotta get in better shape.
I keep saying I'm gonna run more,but it's just so hard to stay motivated.
Hmm.
Don't "hmm." I'm talking to you.
-[horns honking]-[tires screeching]
-Can you not start and stop so much?-I can't control the traffic, darling.
When the car in front of me starts,I start. And when it stops, I stop.
Maybe you don't have to startevery time the car in front of you starts,
because you know it's gonnastop again anyway.
-You could leave a little space.-Okay.
-[engine rumbles]-And another car just cut in front of me
because I left a little space.
Well, I'm sorry, but I'm getting carsick.
Okay. I'm gonna get some gas.
All right. I got the lowdown.
First of all, very important,I got you this flattened penny.
I will cherish it always.
-I'm sorry for being annoying before.-Don't worry about it.
Here's the deal.
With this traffic,we can stay on our current trajectory
and get to Hawaii just in timeto spend two luxurious hours
at the Honolulu Stilton,and then turn around and come back,
or we can hang out hereat the Thrifty Lodge
at this charming halfway to Hawaiirest area and gas park.
Excuse me,we would like your finest room, please.
-All our rooms are the same.-What kind of cuisine is on premises?
There's a deli at the gas stationacross the street.
-And what are your spa hours?-There's no spa.
Okay, if I wanted to have a big gala,could I use your grand ballroom for that,
or is that booked months in advance?
I could settle for a demi-ballroomin a pinch,
but attire will be formal,I don't wanna upstage the venue.
We have zero ballroomsin this Thrifty Lodge.
I see. This will do nicely.
Didn't you tell me onceyou always wanted a ballroom?
Actually, no. [chuckles]What I wanted was a Belle-room.
What is that? Like a room full of bells?
It's a room full of big books,with big windows and a ladder,
like Belle got in Beauty and the Beast.
-And it's called a Belle-room?-It's called a library.
But I called it a Belle-roombecause it was magical.
And since it was a name I made upfor a room that wasn't real,
that meant that it was just mine.
That's adora-Belle.
-[woman] Hey, Seaborn! Seaborn!-What's that?
You're Seaborn's Seahorse Milk, right?
Ha! That's right.
Oh, man! Can I get a shellfie?
That's like a shellfish versionof a selfie.
-Hmm?-Go, take a picture.
It'll make their day.
-You sure? You don't mind?-I'll be in the room.
Don't stay outwith your new friends too late.
Hey, guys. I'm coming down.What other of my things do you like?
[man] Wow, yeah!
Okay, so...
[snoring]
Oh.
Hey.
[Jose] So the supplier said,"I really oughta give Iowa a try."
But I said, "Buddy, Kansas City'sabout as far as I can go."
Long story short,we're meeting in St. Louis.
-[pounding on door]-Huh?
-Hey!-I need to talk to Hollyhock!
-She's not here.-You have to let me see her.
Please, I flew all the way hereand it's Wichita,
so it's not likeI got other shit to do in Wichita.
No one told you to come here.
You're the onewho likes foreign movies, right?
That part in Amelie,where she listens to the guy's story?
This is that part.And I'm the guy with the story.
And I need you to be Amelie right now.
I don't like foreign movies.I like foreign films.
Okay, you're impossible.
The rest of you, please,just listen for a second.
I know you hate me.But for Hollyhock, please, listen.
[clears throat]
Whole time she's staying with me,it doesn't make sense, right?
If I'm her father,where is her mother?
Well, that's an extremelyheteronormative way
-of looking at things.-No, I'm saying, medically,
where is the woman I had sex withthat made her be born?
Right? That's why Hollyhockcame to L.A. in the first place.
Okay...
But then I thought,"What if I'm not her father?"
You're not her father.We are her fathers.
You're her fathers. Yeah. I know, I know.
Eight of you, each haveyour own cute thing, I get it.
My point is, Hollyhock and Ihave the same DNA,
but that doesn't mean I'm her father.
You're not.Because being a father isn't just--
God, I feel like you arewillfully misunderstanding me.
What I am saying is,I'm not even her father biologically.
-Excuse me?-My father is her father.
-What?-Huh?
[BoJack] I went to every hospitaland clerk house in L.A.
I waited in lines, filled out forms,talked to anyone who would talk to me.
I wouldn't rest until I knewI'd done everything I could.
But there was no recordof a little horse girl
born on Hollyhock's birthday...
Okay, so?
...in L.A., because Hollyhockwasn't born in L.A.
She was born in San Francisco.
I got a little bug in my brainthat my father knocked up the help.
So I went up there, and I didthe whole thing again, and I found it.
The birth certificatewith her mother's name,
clear as day, Henrietta Platchkey.
-That's---But where is she now, right?
Looked her up on Facebook.I know what you think:
"BoJack Horsemanhas a Facebook account?"
Obviously, I didn't,because the Internet is for nerds.
But I know it's a good way to find people,so I set up an account, and I found her.
She lives in Minneapolis.She's a nurse.
Her phone numberwas on her Facebook page.
And I wanted Hollyhock to have it.
-You did all that?-She has to know.
You don't have to tell her I was here.I'll stay out of her life forever.
You can tell her I'm an asshole.Say you found this on your own.
I don't care, but you haveto tell her. Please.
Whittagut dittagoo yittagoogittaguys thittagink?
Hittagollittagy-hittagock'sstittagill frittagail.
-Guys---Littaget's jittagust
tittagell hittagim whittagut hittageewittagants tittagoo hittageer.
-All right, BoJack. We'll tell her.-Yeah?
Yeah. But you need to leave.Right now.
[sighs] Okay.
Welcome to the bestworkout routine in L.A.
Nothing motivates like fear.
So remember, once you're in there,don't stop running.
If the clown dentists catch you,they will bite you,
and they have very healthy teeth.
[chuckles] Okay, but not really, right?
Nope, really. They will actually bite you,and they do actually have rabies.
Wow, guess I'm gonnareally have to run.
No more excuses. This is great.
Exactly! And don't forget...have fun in there!
-[woman] Whoo-hoo!-[man] Let's do this.
-[man 2] Let's go.-[all screaming]
Well, you did it.You made a better business.
We did it.
Between your no-nonsense approach
and my the-regular-amount-of-nonsenseapproach,
we make a pretty good team.
Yes. I'm going back to my job.
But if anything happens hereand you need me,
or if you just wanna hang out again,
grab a drink,you should call me sometime.
Oh, um, I should tell you,I'm actually asexual.
Yeah, I know. So am I.That's why I'm asking you out.
-Oh! Uh, okay.-Okay. Goodbye.
Huh.
[doorbell chimes, whinnies]
-I have to talk to you.-Make yourself at home.
I screwed up. I'm sorry.
I promised you'd do this show.
I don't know why. I just...I needed something--
-I'll do it.-What?
You want me to do it, I'll do it.God knows you've done enough for me.
-[groans]-What's wrong? I said I'd do it.
It's just really hard to need people.
Yeah, but...
Yeah. Thank you.
Eh, it'll be good for meto get out of the house anyway.
You want a drink?
-Water.-Water? "Water" you pregnant?
[chuckles] Very much not so.
-I heard you got a new boyfriend.-We broke up.
Oh. Sounds like an asshole.
He was actually the first guy I ever datedwho wasn't an asshole.
-Well, onwards and upwards.-I heard you had a kid living with you?
No. She's got these adopted dads.
They're total dicks,but they take care of her.
-She'll have a good life.-Oh.
-You ever think of adopting?-[sighs]
-More and more lately.-You should. You'd be a good mom.
-The world needs good moms.-I'll take that under advisement.
Well, I guess I'll see you on set.
I'm looking forward to it.
Now, back to normal.Diane and Mr. Peanutbutter.
-Here we are. The rest of our lives.-I wanna show you something.
I had the contractor put this togetherwhile we were gone. Close your eyes.
-[Diane] Okay...-All right. Open them.
-Oh, my God! It's---Pretty cool, huh?
-Why would you do this?-It's what you always wanted, right?
It's too much. I didn't want it like this.
-Like what?-I don't know. I'm sorry.
This is great. I'm sorry.
Why would you think I would like this?
Because you told methis is what you always dreamed of?
I don't like big gestures like this!
-How many times have I--?-Yeah, but this is--
This was a fantasy,something that belonged to me.
Why couldn't you have asked me--
I'm sorry. I'm sorry I ever tryto surprise you, or do nice things.
Do you know how much it costto get 5,000 fake books?
-So I'm the bitch? Is that what you---I'm sorry that I wanted to make our home
feel like a placethat you would want to live
that could be yours as well as mine!
Why is that so important to you?
Because otherwise,it feels like you're a guest.
And unlike the talking candlestickin the aforementioned Disney film,
I don't want you to be that.
It makes me feel shitty.
Like you're just visiting here,
until the next thingand you're gonna leave me
when you get boredor you find something better.
Like Katrina did. Like Jessica did.
You can't use your ex-wives against me.
I'm just telling you how I feel.
I was trying to do a nice thing for you.
This is not how I thoughtthis would go at all.
[sighs]
Diane and Mr. Peanutbutter.Back to normal, right?
[chuckles]
You know, sometimes I feel likeour marriage is like a magic eye poster.
-I love those things.-I know.
And it's messy. And at first glance,it doesn't seem to make any sense.
And it's hard to figure out.
But sometimes,
if you squint at it just right,everything lines up,
and it's the most perfect...beautiful, amazing thing.
Yeah. I know what you mean.
But...
[voice breaks] I'm so tired of squinting.
[crying]
Oh...
What?
-Oh, Christ.-[ringtone chiming]
-Hollyhock.-Hi.
-How are you?-Listen...
I wanted to thank youfor finding my mom.
-They told you?-Not exactly.
They have this secret dad languagethey think I don't understand,
but it's super obviouswhat they're saying.
[chuckles] You're too smartfor your own good.
So, yeah, I've been talkingto Henrietta on the phone
and she seems really nice.
Really? Wow!
I'm gonna visit her in Minneapolis.I'm at the airport right now.
Right now? That's incredible.
No, what's incredibleis this place at the airport
charged me ten dollarsfor a cup of fruit.
-What?-And get this.
It's like 90 percent honeydew.
Are you kidding me? Why?
What on-the-go jet-setter's demandingmore honeydew in his or her fruit cup?
Nobody ever wants honeydew,it's always there.
It is literally the worst partof everything it's in.
It's like the Jared Leto of fruits.
Thank you. Exactly.
Mmm.
Well...
Anyway,they're about to start boarding, so...
Hollyhock, I'm sorryI didn't take better care of you.
I shouldn't have moved in with you.It was maybe too much too fast.
-Yeah.-But it wasn't all bad.
I mean, yeah,I got secretly drugged for months on end
to the point I was living a nightmarein which I couldn't recognize my own body
or understand what was happeningto my brain, but,
other than that,it was a pretty chill experience.
I should have protected you.
I really wanted to bea good dad to you, Hollyhock.
Well, turns out you're not my dad at all.
Yeah. Good thing, I guess.
Yeah. Good thing.
So, uh, Minneapolis, huh?Did you rent a car or a cab?
BoJack, it's all taken care of.I gotta go.
Is there anything, uh, I can do?
I can upgrade your seats, or...or send you better fruit.
BoJack, look,I never needed you to be a dad.
I'm going to be fine.
I told you from the beginning,I have eight dads.
Yeah. Yeah. Good.
But... I've never had a brother.
♪ Make way ♪
♪ For the new time ♪
♪ Can't wait ♪
♪ On the sideline ♪
♪ Making voices you don't understand ♪
♪ People who aren't listening ♪
♪ And no one is gonna turn my hand ♪
♪ Away ♪
♪ Away ♪
♪ Can't look back and I can't look away ♪
♪ Away ♪
♪ Wake up greatI'll wake up fine ♪
♪ Wake up greatI'll wake up fine ♪
♪ Wake up greatI'll wake up fine ♪
[man] Boxer versus raptor,♪ Na-na na-na na-na na-na! ♪




Season 5 ep. 1
















[techno music playing]
♪ In Los AgelessThe winter never comes ♪
♪ In Los AgelessThe mothers milk their young ♪
-[BoJack] Nothing's lonelier than a party.-[exhales]
Good thing I don't need anyoneor I might feel lonesome.
-Watch your six.-I'd rather watch your six.
[woman chuckles]
[techno music playing]
-[gunshot]-[gasping]
-[grunts]-[Gina gasps]
-Hmm.-[gun cocks]
-What the hell?-[director] Cut!
Come on, guys. Pay attention.The squib didn't fire.
-What did I do?-Not you. Squib. Squib.
-The squib.-I don't need any help. Thank you.
-You're doing great, BoJack.-Yeah?
And I did a great job watching you,which is most of what producing is.
We're doing it, buddy! First day!
Listen, I still have some questionsabout my character,
and the script, and the show,and you asking me to do this show,
-and me saying, "Yes".-Hey, can we get rid of Philbert's watch?
The network doesn't want usto remind the audience
about the existence of clocks.
And why we're making a TV showfor What-Time-Is-It-Right-Now-dot-com,
which is a website for peoplewho don't know their computers
already have built-in clocksat the corner of the screen?
All your questions will be answered.
But in the meantime,would it kill you to smile?
[remote clicking]
[grunts]
[theme song playing]
[gunshot]
-[grunts]-[Gina gasps]
Dierdre! I should have known!
Just like a bitch to shoot mein the heart, bitch.
Good thing I carry this flaskfull of my dead wife's blood around.
[director] And, cut.
Hey, Flip. Can I ask why I'm callingher a bitch twice?
The first bitch is her.The second bitch is your heart.
Okay, you know, I have some questionsabout my character.
[sighs]
[beeping]
-I have two minutes.-Okay, well, my first question is--
-BoJack Horseman...-Oh, jeez. Here we go.
...and Mr. Peanutbutteron the same studio backlot?
-One sec---What is this?
-A mismatched buddy comedy...-No.
...about two guysfrom different sides of the tracks
who learn to respect each otherbecause they have a common interest?
-Who's this guy?-Ignore him. Why--
And a grudging respectblossoms into real friendship
as they set aside their differencesto achieve a shared goal...
-Stop it.-...each bringing their own strength
to the table,and possibly there's a karaoke scene?
Why does John Philbert's houselook the same as my house?
I've never been to your house.
The set was designed to reflectDetective Philbert.
Spare, lonely, precariously balancedon a hill of his own isolation.
It kind of lookslike David Boreanaz's house.
The set designeractually took a tour there.
Oh, that's very interesting.
Why are you here?
I'm playing Julius Caesaron the stage next door, in a movie!
Well, it's a short film.
-I gotta run.-Wait!
I'll see you next timeI'm Roman around the lot!
-Flip, when can we talk?-Tomorrow morning.
-Hi.-Hey.
[drums playing]
[grunts, groans]
-[pants]-Yikes, was that it? You done?
-[exhales]-Wow.
Sorry, I can't do you.
I'm too distracted, I'd just do a bad job.
You know your own body better than meanyway so just go to town.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Wait, Gina.Can I ask you a question, about you?
Uh-huh?
Do you think I'm right, andthe Philbert character is poorly written,
and Flip needs to write him better,so I don't look so bad?
Look, I do one of these shows every year.
And I keep getting hiredbecause I show up, do the work,
and keep my head down.
But do you love this script?Do you love your character?
Do I love Internal Affairs DirectorSassy Malone,
whose primary character traitsare that she hates bras
and loves cold rooms?
Not especially.It feels gratuitous and male-gazey.
But it pays for my expensive habitof having a mortgage
-in Southern California.-You don't have to go.
We could hang out.
I'm sure you don't wanna be all alonein a house by yourself.
No, I love being alone.I wish I were alone right now.
-[door opens, closes]-[sighs]
[inhales, exhales]
Huh.
-[phone beeps]-[line ringing]
[Hollyhock grunts] BoJack? Why are you up?
I could ask you the same question.
Now you're in collegeyou don't need to sleep anymore?
No, I was sleeping.
You called me and woke me up.
Oh, right.
I wanted you to knowthat I hearted your Instagram photo.
Okay, cool.
Well, there were 23 other hearts.
But I don't know if you knowwho they're all from, but one was from me.
Yeah, they let me know.
Oh, cool, cool.
Okay, I'm going back to sleep.
Fine, but this phone call does not replaceour weekly Sunday call. Okay?
Yeah, I'll talk to you Sunday afternoon.
Yes. Good. Because I miss you.
Sorry, that sounded dumb.I don't miss you, I'm just bored.
-That also sounded dumb.-I miss you too, BoJack.
[phone beeps]
[Todd panting]
Good morning, lovebugs!
Don't mind me, just passing through!Not sneaking a peek at the lovebugs!
There's nothing to seethat would embarrass any of us.
-We are all fully clothed.-Ha-ha. If you say so!
What are you gonna dowhile I'm at work all day?
There's an old frogwho lives down in the L.A. River.
He owes me an egg salad sandwich,on account of a caper we once went on.
-What?-I was gonna see if he wants
to make instruments out of shoeboxesand rubber bands.
And, uh, that will satisfy you?
When your life is ends,and you're looking back at this day,
you'll think that was a good day?
Yeah?
Well, from your preliminary paperworkyou seem like a perfect candidate.
Thanks, I just never thoughtit would be like this.
I mean, my mom popped out kidsby the dozen. And I can't even--
Mnh-mnh. Princess Carolyn,is your name Cutie Cutie Cupcake?
-No, that's---Were you born on August 12th, 1947?
-I---Do you sleep with your hands stuffed
-in lotion-filled socks?-No.
Right, because you are not your mother.
-How did you know---What you are is noble,
honorable, and unimpeachable.
Anyone can just have a baby.But to adopt one? That takes a hero.
It takes a selfless, giving,kickass superwoman
who's willing to take outher checkbook right now
and write the adoption agencya check for $60,000.
Well. [sighs] Okay.
Fabulous.
I'm just so gladthat I'm on this journey with you.
Princess Carolyn,I'm with you every step of the way,
from you giving me this checkall the way to me introducing you
to your new caseworker, Tracy.
-Hey.-Ah!
You're in wonderful hands, bye!
Uh, what--
Congratulations. What are you,like, five months pregnant?
No, I'm not a birth mother. I'm adopting.
Oh, that makes sense.'Cause you're so old.
Is Mikhaela ever coming back?
-[scoffs] Yeah, in your dreams.-[sighs]
Yes. Yes. No. Yes. What?!
Jeanine, the scriptcalls for hot and haunted.
Does this girl look hotand haunted to you?
Yeah, I'm sure she was hotfor Shakespeare in the Park,
but I need TV hot.
-Actually, she's starting to look haunted.-[door opens]
-Hey! Uh, this a bad time?-It's fine.
I can talk to you and also judgethese women's bodies at the same time.
What do you want?
Okay, well, first of all,the script is great.
Really top-notch stuff.I love the whole... thing of it.
I just wanted to clarify some thingsabout Philbert as a character.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, okay, on page three,
is it necessary that Philbertcan only orgasm if he's listening
-to a recording of his dead wife's voice?-Yes.
Okay, well, what about this thingon page eight
where he goes to a strip club and justsits in the back with a sketch-pad
and draws the strippers,while a Leonard Cohen song plays?
What about it?
It's just thatall of these half-naked women.
I mean, I understand it.
I'm just worried it might come acrossas gratuitous and, uh, male-gazey,
which I know it isn't!
Hmm. You know what? You girls can go home.
The stripper scene's cut.
-No.-Seriously?
-Uh, oh. Uh...-How am I gonna feed my baby?
I just got an idea for something better.
So, instead of drawing strippers naked,you're just going to draw Gina naked.
[BoJack] Uh...
Gina, BoJack was concerned the old scenewas gratuitous and male-gazey.
Oh, he was? BoJack said that?
[Flip] This is much more interestingand motivated by character.
And since it's motivated by character,that means it's not gratuitous.
Thank you for the note, BoJack,you really helped.
Yeah. Thanks, BoJack, for helping.
-Oh, um...-[Flip] Can we get some ice?
Can we get some nipple ice for Gina?
-So, you're the famous Yolanda.-I am not famous.
You might have me confusedwith another more famous Yolanda.
I know, I-I just meantbecause Todd talks about you so much,
I feel like you're famous.
Oh, well, that was not clear.
Okay. Todd, why don't you say things now?
Steve, you still fixing up your truck?
You're thinking of Emily's old boyfriend,firefighter Steve D'Marco.
Yeah, I'm firefighter Steve D'Mazio.We're very different.
But I do have a truck,and I'm fixing it up.
So, thanks for asking.
I created a dating appfor firefighters to meet me.
-Looks like it worked.-[chuckles] Yeah.
Hey! We should create a dating appfor asexuals.
Why would asexuals want a dating app?
Well, not all asexuals are aromantic.
-Uh...-Think of it this way.
One could be: A, Romantic,or B, Aromantic,
while also being A, Sexual, or B, Asexual.
So you could be BB, or BA.
As for me, see AB, see?
Uh...
So, even within the one percentof the population that's asexual,
there's an even smaller percentage
that is still lookingfor romantic companionship.
Seems like a pretty thin user basefor an app.
But without it, asexual romanticsmight end up settling for just whatever
other asexual romantics they might meet,even if they have nothing else in common.
-Well, anyway---Yeah, but maybe it's good
if they have nothing in commonbecause then they can help each other grow
and change, and become fuller,more well-rounded people.
Yeah, that's true.
So, Todd, are you still doingthat rabid clown-dentist exercise thing?
Oh, no, that whole thing kinda fell apartwhen the clowns got loose.
[mystery music]
Huh?
I know you killed your wife, Philbert,and I'm gonna prove it.
[Mr. Peanutbutter] Wow!
Don't finger me for a murderer, Malone.
I don't knowwhere those fingers have been.
[Mr. Peanutbutter] Ooh!
Well, how about I show you?
-[Mr. Peanutbutter] Wow!-[Flip] Cut!
Someone keeps shouting "Wow" and "Ooh."
You guys are doing a bang-up jobover here.
So sayeth Caesar! King of the apes!
Look, man, I know what you're doing, okay?
You're trying to punish me.Just don't punish Gina.
I'm not trying to punish anyone.
I'm just trying to make a good showthat's brilliant and unprecedented.
It sounds like you guysare basically on the same page.
You're the only one with a problem here.
-Gina is fine with it.-Gina is not fine with it.
You guys, you're almost sayingexactly the same thing.
Except one of you is saying "not".
Gina, do you have a problemwith the nudity in this scene?
It's great. It's brilliant, unprecedented.I'm gonna get some potatoes.
You see? Everyone's fine with it but you.
So, can we drop it?
I know you're used to beingthe most important person on set.
-This is not about me.-It's weird for you
that I don't need to listen.
-I'm not---Hey, hey--
But if you actually have notesthat are helpful,
I would love to hear them whenyou're done swinging your dick around.
-No, this is not about my dick.-Okay, fellas...
-Well, maybe it should be about your dick.-What?
Since you're so concernedabout the male gaze,
let's give the femalessomething to gaze at.
We'll do a full-frontal nude scenewith you.
This is compromise!This is working together.
-Well, hold on.-Fully exposed, Philbert reaches up
-with both hands to screw in a light bulb.-Yes!
He totters in little circleson a tiny stool.
-Wouldn't I just turn my wrist?-Full body rotation. We see everything.
Now we're talking!
-No, we're not! Princess---I'm on it.
Flip, BoJack can only do this scene
-if he can wear a T-shirt.-What?
He's very self-consciousabout his belly area.
No, I'm self-consciousabout my penis area.
He can't wear a shirt.
It's about being vulnerable.
We see every fold and imperfectionof his wrinkled, saggy body.
-Hey!-So we like him.
But he has to be fully erectso we respect him.
-What?-We'll shoot it tomorrow.
-Yeah.-Unless you don't like this idea,
in which case, we can go backto what we were doing.
-Right.-Well--
So, you would be admittingthat you don't actually care
about the male gazeand you were only giving me notes
to hear yourself talk.
But that's not it, right?
-Right.-Great.
-Shooting is tomorrow afternoon.-Okay.
-I'll send the waxing kit over tonight.-Philbert waxes?
Not for cosmetic purposes.He just wants to feel something.
-[chuckles]-Huh?
I like your friend.It's impressive how she creates companies.
And her boyfriend hasan interesting career as well.
Yeah! And you have an interesting career.
Hey! The three of youall have interesting careers.
That is so cool!
Todd, do you ever feel weird
that you haveno discernible life direction?
-No.-Let me rephrase that.
I feel weird that you haveno discernible life direction.
-Oh.-I mean...
-What am I supposed to tell people?-A story? A joke?
Compliments are thingspeople like being told sometimes.
I'm sorry. How was your day?Did you end up meeting with that frog?
No, I just stayed homeand looked at stuff on the Internet.
Oh.
-[gasps]-Hello, Princess Carolyn.
You're not Princess Carolyn.Why are you not Princess Carolyn?
-She gets home pretty late.-I came all this way for nothing?
I brought my spinny chairand everything!
Well, if you want something to do,you could help me find a job.
-You're looking for a job?-I spent all day looking!
First, I thoughtI should get a newspaper to find one,
but then I was, like,"Where do I find a newspaper?"
-Uh.-So, I looked it up.
And a map came up of my local area.
So, then I thought abouthow I know this area pretty well,
but there's all kinds of areasI don't know.
-Like South Africa.-Okay.
-And then I thought about Charlize Theron.-Uh, right.
And then I thought aboutthat movie Monster.
And then I was, like,"What year did that come out?"
-So I went to Monster.com...-[pc clacking]
...to look up factsabout the movie Monster,
and it turns outthey have job postings there!
-[Bojack sups]-What a time to be alive!
Hey! A posting forWhatTimeIsItRightNow.com!
[Todd] Oh, a janitor job.
I've always wanted to... Janet!
I just got an amazing idea.Interview for that job!
Uh... Was that your amazing idea?
Because I feel, like,it kinda came out of the room.
When you get in the building,say you need to use the WC.
Then you'll sneak into the officeof one of the network execs.
Go into their emailand send a message to Flip McVicker
telling him he can't filmany more nude scenes
because they're derivativeand unnecessary,
-especially the nude scenes involving me.-You are throwing a lotta words at me.
Todd, don't you get it?We're gonna save the show!
You're on a show?
This is a very impressive resume.
Yep. Now, if you'll excuse me,I must adjourn to the restroom.
You founded a ride-share app.You built and managed your own theme park.
And you were, briefly,Governor of California!
I was also the directorof a Star Wars movie,
but they fired meover "creative differences."
Now about that restroom...
Hold on. You are way overqualifiedto be a janitor.
-Okay. But I do actually need to go.-Oh, you need to go, all right.
-Straight to the top of this company!-[gasps]
We're ready for you on set, Mr. Horseman.
Just a minute.
-[cell phone rings]-All right! Todd, did you do it?
[woman on phone]Hold please for Mr. Chavez.
-Already I don't like this development.-[Todd] Hey! Good news, bad news.
Good news is I'm now Presidentof Ad Sales and Streamable Content
for WhatTimeIsItRightNow.com and...
-WhatTimeIsItGo.-[BoJack] What?
Bad news is I can't help you.
Why not? You're their boss now.You can tell them what to do.
I could, but I'm no leader at allif I can't delegate authority.
-I need to focus on big picture stuff.-[grinding]
Loving that picture.Can we get it even bigger?
Ugh, Todd, your good-hearted naivetéhas once again conspired
with outrageous happenstanceto completely dick me over!
Have you tried just talkingto the show runner?
In my experience,I've found it's best to shoot straight,
in the boardroom and on the driving range.
-[grunts]- I gotta jet.
It's Susie in HRs birthdayand if I don't show up to these things,
people talk, you know what I mean?
-I never do!-[cell phone beeps]
-Hey, Flip, we need to talk.-Okay.
-I'm not doing the naked scene.-What?
The only reason you wrote itis to embarrass me.
BoJack, I'm not writing scenesfor my television show
and also directing themin order to teach you lessons
or send you secret messages.
I'm just trying to make a good show.
-Why do you keep making it so difficult?-I'm making it difficult?
I have done nothing,but be a friend to you.
I actually called my mom last nightand told her that I made a friend on set.
Do you wanna make me a liar to my mother?
-What? Ew. Weird.-Take off that robe and go to set.
-No.-Take off that robe right now.
Why can't you act like a professionaland get naked?
Because it's dumb!This whole show is duuuuuuumb!
What?
It's confusing, it's overwritten,and it's poorly lit.
The darkness is a metaphor for darkness!
And worst of all, it's boring!
It has nothing to say,and it says that nothing badly!
[inhales] Let me tell youhow this is going to be.
I am the show creator
and if I want your character to get naked,he gets naked.
If I want him to speak only in Korean,you're learning Korean.
If I want your character to shit his pants
and walk around with shit in his pantsfor the rest of the season,
-you will do just that.-[mystery music]
-Oh, come on.-You signed a contract.
And that means I am your god.
You will please your god,
and if I don't see your ass on setthen I will see your ass in court.
Do you understand?
[groans]
That's a good note about the lighting.I'll take a look at that.
Good news! We found a birth mother!
Really? A-already?
She came in yesterday.
She's giving her babyto a sweet couple in Illinois.
-What?-Oh...
Did you think we founda birth mother for you?
Conceited much?
Tracy, I’m spending a lot of moneyto be here with you
and I'm putting myselfin a very vulnerable position.
Is there any wayyou can be a little more thoughtful
with the way you manage me as a client?
It sounds like what you're looking foris an adoption manager.
This is an adoption agency.
-Do you not know the difference?-[sighs]
-[cell phone buzzes]-What?
Princess Carolyn, I overplayed my hand.
BoJack and I got into a fight.
-And he never showed up on set.-What?
-[horn blaring]-What?
[BoJack] Princess Carolyyyyyyyn,I need to talk to youuuuuu.
[sighs]
-BoJack.-Hold on, I got a thing with a chair.
How did you even find me?
Duh. Bought a burner phone,slipped it into your purse,
and then used the Find My Phone app.
How thoughtful.
[deep voice] Hello, Princess Carolyn.
Oh, God.
I have a plan and I need your help.
-I found out his mom has a fake leg.-Who's mom?
Flip. I'm gonna seduce her, steal her leg,and then smack him across the face with it
until he chokes on his own blood.
It's subtle,but I think he'll get the message.
BoJack, what are you tryingto accomplish here?
I-I don't want to do the show.
So you're gonna run awaylike you always do?
Yeah. I never wanted to do this show!
-You faked my signature!-And I told you that,
and you said, "Okay" because you wantedto be a good friend to me!
So, you can't get points for thatand then resent me for it now.
-It's not about you! I don't like him!-Oh, Flip's not that bad.
He's just insecureand is overcompensating a little.
I know that must bea foreign concept for you.
No, not Flip. Philbert.
He-he's a drunk.He's an asshole. I don't want to be him.
So, maybe don't be the drunk asshole.
Maybe this time, you have a good attitudeand you don't drink so much
and you show up at your call time.
And then you put on the Philbert costumeand you pretend to be this other guy.
And then when you're done shooting,you take off your costume
and you're BoJack, the star of the showthat everybody likes.
-Yeah?-Yeah.
Hey, why are we at an adoption agency?Are you adopting something?
-I'm trying to.-Oh.
So, can you keep it togetherfor the next ten weeks
so I don't need to come to set,every day, to put out fires?
You think you could do that? For me?
[inhales]
[exhales]
[Flip] Action.
[Diane] Hey, stranger.
It sounds like you had an amazing trip.
I did. What have you been up to?
Well, I did play Julius Caesarin a pizza commercial
that they're going to... [chuckles]...get this, show in movie theaters.
Wow, look at you. Pizza.
Et Cru-Dités?
-What?-That was my line.
I played Little Caesar's dad, Big Caesar,in the back story part of the commercial,
which is funny because most commercialsdon't even have a back story part.
Also, Little Caesar'sdoesn't sell crudités.
Oh, man, my part's definitely goingto get cut, huh?
Just like the real Caesar!
Hey, that's right!
-Well, here's your place.-[horns honking]
Yep. Here it is.
Well, anyway, I signed the papers.
Oh. Great!
Yeah, so if it all looks good to youand your lawyer,
you can sign it tooand then it'll be official.
Divorce completed.
-Yay.-We did it.
Take that, our marriage!
-Well, I guess I'll see you around?-Yeah.
-I was going to---Sorry.
-[both laughing]-Sorry. Just go all the way.
-Well, bye.-Cool.
[grunts]
[Flip] And, cut.
-[buzzes]-[Flip] We got it.
What's that for? We've all seen me naked.
Can't put the genieback in the bottle now, baby.
[crew laughing]
Thanks anyway, Judy.
This is great. Any other work environment
and this would be consideredsexual harassment.
-[laughter]-Ooh, Cadbury Creme Eggs.
Yes, please!Whoops. Gonna need new yogurt.
-[groans]-I'll make it up to you,.
Party at my house tonight!
[crew cheering]
♪ The last days of the sunset superstars ♪
♪ Girls in cages playing their guitars ♪
So, then Aaron Eckhartsaid, "If that's Ansel Elgort,
then who's Alden Ehrenreich?"
-And then I said, ''Gesundheit''-[all laughing]
-Flip! You made it.-Yeah.
Jesus Christ, your house really does looklike Philbert's.
That's what I've been trying to tell you.
Thanks for being so cool todayabout the naked stuff.
Yeah. Sure.
Those chicks always makesuch a big deal about their bodies.
Maybe now that you've done it,
Gina won't complain so muchnext time we make her do it.
-Well, no, she didn't complain.-Whatever. Doesn't matter.
-Everything worked out.-Yeah.
Listen, I'm sorry I flew offthe handle earlier
and tried to remove your robe by force.
This is my first showand I'm still figuring out
how to strike the right tone.
No, of course, I'm just tryingto help you fulfill your vision.
Yeah. The main thingyou gotta know about me
is just don't take things so personal,you know what I mean?
Uh, yeah.
Everything we're doing overthese next ten weeks,
the places I'm going to take you,it's not about you, you know?
-It's Philbert.-Yeah. Right.
Yeah, you get it.
♪ Oh, my LordOh, we really did it now ♪
I tell you, buddy, this is going to bea sensational season of television.
♪ But I can keep runningNo, I can keep on running ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ How can anybody have you?How can anybody have you and lose you? ♪
♪ How can anybody have you and lose youAnd not lose their mind too? ♪
♪ How can anybody have you?How can anybody have you and lose you? ♪
♪ How can anybody have you and lose youAnd not lose their mind? ♪
♪ How can anybody have you?How can anybody have you and lose you? ♪
♪ How can anybody have you and lose youAnd not lose their mind too? ♪
♪ How can anybody have you?How can anybody have you and lose you? ♪
♪ How can anybody have you and lose youAnd not lose their mind? ♪




Season 5 ep. 2
















-[Diane crying]-[sad music playing]
[car tires squeaking]
[crying continues]
I need to get as far awayfrom Los Angeles as possible.
The handy ticketing screens are behind youand will provide all the answers you need.
-Can't you just help me?-Screen has all the answers.
[sighs] I could really usesome personal attention right now.
-Where did you want to go?-I need to leave tonight. Anywhere.
Uh, okay. Hanoi?
Vietnam! Yes, perfect!Thank you!
-Sh-should I punch it into that screen?-Uh-huh.
And say nice things about me.That screen's my supervisor.
[theme music playing]
-[phone vibrating]-I'm Peter Sagal. Don't wait, wait.
-Do answer your phone.-Stefani?
Hey, girl! Just checking up on thatclickable content you were working on.
Listen, something came up, and I--Where are you?
I'm doing a new, fully immersive,3-D spin class.
[chuckles] Oh, you know what?I'm just biking.
-Oh. Well, I just landed in Vietnam...-[growls]
-Where is my content, Diane?-Um...
I need words for my website.
There are words on the website now,but I need younger words,
newer words, fresher wordsto feed the insatiable beast!
Okay, okay, I'll write somethingwhile I'm here.
-Love it! Feed that beast, girl! Bye!-[phone beeps]
[indistinct chattering in Vietnamese]
[Diane reading]
Number one: To reconnectwith your ancestral roots.
As a born and raised American,
you never felt much connectionto your Vietnamese heritage,
and your parents offered littleto fill in the blanks.
G'aw! You call that a fastball?
With an arm like that, you're gonna getbooted back to Triple-A, you skeezer!
-Dad, where are we from?-We're from Boston, dummy!
Why do you think I talkin this accurate, regional dialect?
I know that, but, I mean,what is our background?
Why do I look differentfrom the other kids?
Ah, shove it up your rear, you jack-off.
You're just the same as anybody else,and don't let nobody tell you different.
I just thought you could give mea little cultural context,
what with you being a tenured professorof Vietnamese history at Tufts and all.
Christ, Deedee, that's my job.
I wouldn't ask you to have a periodon your day off.
What? Dad, it-- Okay.
[Diane] But you're here, finally.
And it's comfortingto see your name everywhere
and so many faces,that look like your face.
-Ah! Oh.-[speaking Vietnamese]
-Sorry, I don't-- I don't speak...-[speaking Vietnamese]
-I don't... I don't understand you.-[speaking Vietnamese]
Oh, is this who you were looking for?
-Ouch!-[speaking Vietnamese]
I'm sorry.
[Diane] It's more foreignthan you expected, but that's good.
You want to truly immerse yourselfand get the full non-LA experience.
-[bike bell rings]-Ooh!
Because sometimes, to find yourself,
you need to get as far awayfrom the world you know--
-Coming through! Hot set!-Ah! Ah!
[man] Movie lingo!
-[sighs] Excuse me, hi.-[bell dings]
-What's going on here?-Oh, isn't it exciting?
Some American filmmakers are shootinga movie, starring Laura Linney!
It's about a recently-divorced womanwho comes to Vietnam to find herself.
[sighs]
[Diane] You came hereto reconnect with your roots,
but now you feel stupidfor even thinking that was possible.
You put on the clothing you bought,and... it... feels like a costume.
This is not your home.You're a tourist here.
Reason number two:you can be a tourist here!
-[camera shutter clicks]-[both speaking Vietnamese]
Can I have number two?
-Number two?-Ah. Yes.
[speaking Vietnamese]Number two.
Thank you. [speaking Vietnamese][laughs]
[speaking Vietnamese]
[speaking Vietnamese]
[speaking Vietnamese] Thank you.
[Diane] Sometimes,it's just nice to take a vacation
and forgetabout everything you left behind...
-[phone vibrates]-I'm Peter Sagal. Don't wait, wait.
-[beeps]-Hello?
-Diane!-Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.
Are you okay?You left my party without saying goodbye.
I was like,"Uh-oh, what happened to Diane?"
-Well---Then I got distracted
because Todd got his tongue stuckto the ice sculpture.
By the time we got him off,
his tongue was completely numb,which made him talk real funny.
-Mm-hmm.-Well, that got him in quite the situation
when the mob boss, at the roller rink,
thought he was making funof his deaf sister.
I'm sorry,this is turning into a Todd story.
The point is, are you okay?
Oh, yeah, sorry.
[stammers] I just had a plane to catch,so... I'm in Vietnam now...
-Whoa.-...but... I'll be back soon.
-Let me fetch you from the airport.-[bike bell rings]
Oh, that's okay.You don't want to deal with the traffic.
You know I love traffic.
I get to catch up on all those hilariouslicense plates I haven't read yet.
Okay. Thanks.
Great. Hey, I have to tell you...
I'm glad, I'm not still payingyour phone bill
because this callmust be costing a fortune!
Unless you remembered to call Edfor the international plan.
Of course I remembered to do that!But I have to hang up now.
Our conversation has reacheda natural conclusion, goodbye.
-[phone beeps]-Ugh.
Number three:because you're single now
and you can do whatever you want.
Isn't it great being single?
[chuckles] It sure is!
I love that we're mature enoughto still be in each other's lives.
I know!
Other divorced couples can't handle it,but we're handling it, so well,
because we are better than them.
Are we the best divorced couple?
-I think we might be.-Yeah.
How are you doingwith those divorce papers?
-It's been several weeks now-- Aah!-Hi, folks! I'm Pickles.
-Ooh!-Have you dined with us before?
-Yes.-Well...
the way it works around here is:you look at a menu,
pick what you want, I'll bring it to you,and then you pay at the end.
So, like, a restaurant.
-Ooh, sounds great.-Can I get you started with drinks?
Water would be great.
-Oh, my God, I love water.-Me, too!
-Uh-huh.-I'm 70 percent water!
-Okay.-Me, too! What are the odds?
So, two waters. Thank you.
So... Mr. Peanutbutter,the divorce papers.
-We need to-- Aah!-It's me again, the same dog as before.
-Do you know what you'd like to order?-Are you bringing our waters?
-No. I forgot. Food, though?-Hmm, what do you like here?
-No, why would you ask---Oh, I like everything.
In fact, at the end of my shift,I usually take everyone's leftover scraps
and put it in a trough and eat it up.Miam, miam, miam, miam!
-But don't mention that to my boss.-We won't.
But that does sound eclecticand delectable.
The trough of everything.
-Okay, and---Whoa, somebody's not hungry at all.
-No, I am! I'm very hungry!-[laughs]
[shouting] And I'll have the Cobb salad!
-Why do you keep humoring her?-She's fun.
You know, if we were still married,
this would probably be enoughto spiral us off into a big argument,
that isn't even about the waitress,and we would fight all night.
But since we're not married,I can just be like, whatever.
-This is truly great.-So... great.
We are doing so great.
Although...
I do get lonely sometimesin that big house all by myself.
Hey, why don't you havea housewarming party?
-Eh...-Yeah!
Now that you don't have a mean wifewho hates parties...
He-he, you can finally live it up.
Okay, but only if you come.Promise?
I'll come if you havethose divorce papers.
-Aah!-Me again.
What did you order?I didn't write it down.
-The trough!-Oh!
He wants the trough!
Uh, xin... loi.Do you speak any English?
We... are... lost.
I actually speak all of the English.
-Oh! Your English... is very good.-I... am... American.
Yes. American.We... are.... from... America.
I... am... from America.
No. Me America. You Vietnam.
No. Me America.
-Me America!-Me America, too.
Me am also America.
[Diane] Number four:To meet new people!
-Hell-oh, uh, I am with the movie.-[music playing]
No Vietnamese, but I want a drink.
Beer?
Glug-glug?
[Diane] Number five:Get out of your natural habitat.
We all work so hardto cultivate our homes,
but what are they other than a placeto repeat negative patterns?
There. Last one.
And the first one.
I moved all this other stuff inwhile you were... stretching.
So much for helping.
Oh, did you need help decidingwhether or not this place is a shithole?
Because help is on the way.
-It's a shithole.-I like it.
It's what I can afford and it makes mefeel good to do it on my own.
When this place makes you too sad,you can always come over.
You'll have to say, "I'm a sad, sad girlwith a terrible, dirty apartment,"
-but I'll let you crash.-This is my home and I am proud of it.
-Where did you get all this junk?-It's not junk!
I just emptied out my storage unit.
This is the stuff that cool,20-something Diane had to put away
when she moved inwith old man Peanutbutter.
Oh, can we finally talk shitabout Mr. Peanutbutter?
Like how he has dog breathand leaves his hair all over,
or is this one of those scam jobswhere I talk shit
and you nod along,then you two get back together
and you hate mebecause I told you how I felt?
When have you not told me how you felt?All you do is tell me how you really feel.
This place smells weird.I want to go home.
-I don't tell you everything.-You do.
There's literally nothingyou haven't told me.
Well, did I tell youthis place smells weird?
Yes. Help me move this couch.
Okay, you get started.I'm gonna stretch first.
Anyway, Mr. Peanutbutterand I are still good friends.
Get the hammies.
I'm going to his housewarming partyon Saturday. You should come.
"Come with?''
Diane, just because you have the couchof a girl in her 20s
does not mean that you are young enoughto say "come with."
[grunts] There.
-[light bulb pops]-Yeesh.
I love it! This is my life now.
[drums] ♪ Hey! ♪
-What's going on?-Oh, hi, Diane.
[chuckles]Some cockroaches in IT tried to unionize,
so I just called an exterminator. [laughs]
-What?-Oh. Sorry, I meant negotiator.
Wait, no. Who did I call?
Anyway, we're gonna have to tentthis place for the next month.
Can you work from home till then?
I need that listicle
on five empowering rolesfor women over 40,
that would be better playedby Jennifer Lawrence.
-[people screaming]-What was that?
Oh, negotiations. Bye!
[mobile typing]
[Diane] Number six:To turn your work into a "work-cation."
[typing on laptop]
In this new era of connectivity,working outside
of the traditional workspacecan ignite creativity...
-[cat meowing]-[toilet flushing]
-[water leaking]-Ew!
[door opens]
Uh?
I'm a sad, sad girlwith a terrible, dirty apartment.
Come on in.
Okay, one more glass,and then I'm gonna head home.
Why don't you take the guest room?I could make urine stains on the carpet
and string up police tapeso it feels more like home for you.
Thank you,but I'm excited to be on my own.
I can do whatever I want.
I can pick up in the middle of the nightand go to Disney World, or... Vietnam.
Do you mean literally Vietnamor like when Old Navy told me
they were looking for a fresher facefor their Performance Fleece commercials
-and they ended up with Sherman Hemsley?-What?
-[intense sounds]-That was my Vietnam.
I just mean I can finally do the thingsI've always wanted.
-I'm in a really good place.-Awesome!
[slurring] A really good place.
That's the thingpeople don't understand about me.
[slurring] I'm also in a good place.
I got this new job coming up,
so I'm gonna fly right, be tight,and sober up real good.
I'm working out a systemso I only drink a little each day.
Mm...
-It's my cheat day.-[glass breaks]
Isn't it weird that this is the first timewe're both been single at the same time?
Yeah. Why is it weird?
I mean, I know why I think it's weird,but you say a first thing.
It's just, uh...
Come on, you know why.
It's just weird.Like, we could totally make out right now.
-What?-No, I'm not saying we should. No. Pfft!
No. I'm just saying we could,and that's weird. I'm saying it's weird.
Oh. Uh, I guess so.
Not that I would.Oh, my God, that's so gross.
-You're gross.-You're being mean.
I'm allowed to be mean.I'm getting a divorce.
Okay, you get two more "divorce means,"but then that's it.
I'm cutting you off.
Maybe I should go.
You sure you don't want to stay...in the guest room?
No. No, 'cause thenthat means I'm staying here.
And I cannot stay here again,not after last time.
-What do you mean? That was fun.-Was not.
I was a mess.
And then you left me in charge of thingsand then went who knows where. Michigan?
No, uh, no.That time I ended up in New Mexico.
I stayed with this family,got close with the daughter, but, um...
[mystery music]
Luckily, it worked out all fine.
No, and I-I got a boat,I came back, end of story.
Okay, buddy. [yawns]
Hey, Diane, can I ask you a--
[snoring]
Oh. Yeah.
[continuous snoring]
[Diane moans]
Oooooooh... [sighs]
-[snoring]-Oh...
[heavily snoring]
[door opens, closes]
[Diane] Reason number sevento go to Vietnam:
Your therapist tells you to.
Have you thought about going awayfor a little bit?
I don't need to go away. I'm good.
I have this client
who went througha surprisingly tough second divorce.
Let's just call her "Demi M."
And let's say that her first husbandwas called "Bruce."
Talking about Demi Moore?
You know I can't divulge personalinformation about my other clients, Diane.
I'll ask you to be respectful.
-But she and her second husband...-Ashton.
I cannot say, went on a trip,
and getting out of her routine allowed herto process things more honestly.
I just feel, like,I see myself very clearly already.
And what I see is that I am happywith my decision.
Mm-hmm. Another client of mine,Angelina J,
who has a lot of adopted kids--
Is she an actress?
As a matter of fact, no.
She thinks of herself as a director.
Wait a minute, do you talk about mein your sessions with other clients?
Oh, honey!
No.
[Vietnamese music]
I'm sorry to bother you,but I'm trying to get a beer.
Can you help me?
Ah?
[speaking Vietnamese]
Oh, my goodness. [chuckles]Thank you.
[Vietnamese music]
[swallowing beer]
Ah!
I know you can't really understand me,but I'm a nice American dude.
A good guy.
[both laugh]
Would you want to go for a walkto the markets?
I feel totally lost out there
and I could really use a localto help show me around.
Ah?
-[packing bag]-[Vietnamese music]
[speaking Vietnamese]
All right!
[Diane] Reason number eight:To discover a new you.
You let a handsome stranger follow youthrough the markets of Hanoi.
[chattering]
And the smells, sounds, and tastestransport you to another reality.
He tells you stories,he thinks you can't understand,
about his life in America,
and it's freeing to be this personhe thinks you are,
this person who isn't boundby her own history or sadness.
This is a person who could dowhatever she wants.
[both] Mm!
Wow!
I know this is crazy, but...
even though you can't understanda word I'm saying,
I feel like we have a real connection.
I want to show you something.
[joyful music]
[Diane] Oh!
This... is Ha Long Bay.
It's where Laura Linney comesto find herself.
I'll bet you've never beenon a movie set before, huh?
I'm a grip. The executive grip.I basically run things here.
It's so cool to see my jobthrough your eyes.
[both moaning]
-Ah!-Holy shit, a falling klieg light!
[man] Sorry!
-Uh, can you speak English?-[mystery music]
No... I just heard someone saythat sentence in an American movie once.
Also that sentence.
-Also, yes, I speak English.-What?!
-I'm from LA.-So what?
You were just pretending this whole time?
I was actually feelingsomething special here.
Really? It didn't strike you as weirdthat you talked for two hours straight
and I said nothing?
Or is that what felt special?
I am not the bad guy here.You're a liar!
Okay, and you got to haveyour little Miss Saigon cosplay,
so why don't we call it a draw?
-Get off my set!-Your set?
Nice try, buddy. I know what a grip does.At best, you're the best boy... at best.
Are you kidding me?
Why does this happen to meevery time I go on location?
[door slams]Ugh!
[Vietnamese music]
[Diane] Reason number nineto go to Vietnam:
Because it's goodto get out of your routine.
Is that similar to reason number five:get out of your natural habitat?
No, it's a different thing. It's fine.
-It's whatever.-[door opens]
Ooh, hey. What are you doing here?
We're going to the party, remember?You told me to "come with."
-Why do you look so different?-Do you like it? [laughs]
It's a whole new, fun me.
My therapist thought I needed to get outof my routine. I mean, I thought it, too.
It was mostly me who thought it,but my therapist also... [sighs]
-Ta da!-Did you get a longer neck or something?
I did not get a longer neck.It's a haircut.
-Does it make my neck look long?-No.
Uh, you actually look amazing.
Don't try to take advantagejust 'cause I'm all vulnerable right now.
Jesus, lady!I'm just trying to give you a compliment!
-Relax, I was joking.-Were you?
-[sighs] Let's just go to the party.-God, you're all over the place.
-You hate parties.-I don't hate parties.
-You hate parties. I'm fun.-Okay, you know what? Forget this.
-I'm sorry. BoJack...-Hey.
Your haircut looks great.Mr. Peanutbutter's gonna love it.
[door creaking]
[dance music playing]
[chattering]
-Hey, Diane!-Hey.
-I love what you did to your neck.-I didn't--
Did you see that ice sculpture?
I am definitely not going to lick it.Don't worry.
Okay.
Anyway, I can't stay long
because I'm supposed to goto the roller rink later.
-Uh-huh.-I hope, there won't be
-any mob bosses there.-Well--
What am I saying? That's so random.
-Have you seen Mr. Peanutbutter?-I don't know. Did you check the library?
-Ugh.-'Kay, I gotta go.
There's a letter I wanna send.I need to lick the stamp.
Hopefully, I'll remember to do it
-before I put my roller skates on...-Okay.
...so I don't accidentally miss the stampwith my tongue
and then roll down the stairswith my tongue out
and then smack right intothe ice sculpture with my tongue.
That would be pretty bad,but I wouldn't put it past me.
-[dance music continuous]-[people chatting]
Who are all these people?
-Mr. Peanutbutter. There you are!-Diane, nice haircut!
-Oh, this? No, I didn't---Yeah!
It really brings out the neckof your... neck.
Okay, well, that's--
Hey, don't go anywhere, okay?I want to talk to you.
-Oh. [chuckles] How was---Erica!
What are you doing herewith a child-sized coffin?
[sighs]
Oh, my God, are you okay?I saw everything.
Yeah, I'm fine.
I can't pick sides in this divorce
because I'm good friendswith the both of you,
but I want you to know, no matter what,I'm here for you and also there for him.
And if you ever need anything,just let me know
and I'll be your rock,as long as it doesn't conflict with me
also being Mr. Peanutbutter's rock,or my work,
which is keeping me very busy.
Excuse me, I have to take this.
Hi, Flip? Yeah, are we surewe need this strip club set?
Because once we put the deposit down,we cannot get that money back.
-[dance music continuous]-[people chatting]
[sighs]
[Diane] Reason number tento go to Vietnam:
Because you've gotta leaveto come back home.
-[phone beeps]-[line ringing]
-[BoJack] Hello?-Hey.
-Hey.-[sad tune]
I'm sorry. I've been so weird.I'm going through some shit.
I know.
Yeah. And I just really needa friend right now.
You know what I mean?
A friend?
Yeah. I get it.
Okay. Thanks.
-This is Diane, by the way.-Nguyen?
-Yeah. Nguyen.-[phone beeps]
[Diane] You're not entirely surewhat life will be like when you get home,
but maybe that's goodbecause that means anything could happen.
-Oh, my God, you're Laura Linney!-People say that to me all the time.
And it's true.I am Laura Linney.
I'm so sorry to bother you,but I have to ask,
the movie you were filming,what happens at the end?
You get divorced, you go to Vietnamto find yourself, but then what?
How does it work out?
-Well, I do find myself.-Oh.
-My clone.-Oh.
-And she's shacked up with my ex.-Hmm?
I fly into a jealous rageand gut him with a machete,
but not before realizingthat this whole thing
goes all the way to the top.
So me and my clone have to team upand head to Dubai.
A lot of it is setting up the franchise.You know how it is.
-Um... it's an action movie?-And a love story.
Me and my clonehave a steamy make-out scene,
-which is hot but also very progressive.-[PA system beeps]
Excuse me. Can I get some pretzels?I'm Laura Linney.
[Diane] But none of those reasonsare why you actually went to Vietnam.
[plane taking off]
Hey, stranger.
-[joyful tune]-[Mr. Peanutbutter chuckles]
Yeah, so, if it all looks good to youand your lawyer,
you can sign it, too,and then it'll be official.
-Divorce completed.-Yay!
-We did it.-Take that, our marriage!
-Well, I guess I'll see you around?-Yeah.
-Oh! I was going for the---Oh, sorry. Did you--?
-[laughs]-Sorry. Just go all the way.
-Well, bye.-Cool.
Diane, wait.I actually have something to tell you.
I... don't know the best wayto say this, but...
I'm seeing someone.
Romantically.
Who isn't you.
That was probablynot the best way to say it.
[dance music playing]
So, as I was saying,
being there for you right nowis my top pri--
-[phone vibrates, beeps]-Oh. Hold on. Stuart!
There's a fire extinguisher under my desk.Oh, that's what's on fire? In that case...
[Diane] The real reasonyou go to Vietnam
is because you accidentally seeyour soon-to-be ex-husband
kiss someone else.
[both chuckle]
At first you think, "Oh, it's a fling.Whatever, they're drunk, it's a party."
[sad tune]
But he puts his handon the small of her back
exactly the way he used to do to you.
[both] Mmm.
-It means "I've got you,"-[sad tunes continue]
and when he did it to you,it made you feel safe.
And you realizehe will never do that to you again.
-[crying]-And it breaks your heart, again...
after your heart was so brokenthat you thought
it could never get any more broken.
You thought it was safe,
but it still, somehow,finds a new way to break.
Because, even though,you're the one who asked for this,
now that you've got it,you are completely adrift
with no compass, or map,or sense of where to go, or what to do.
So you go to Vietnam.
You think you might find community,a connection to something bigger,
but... you don't.
In fact, you feel even more alonethan you were before you left.
But... you survive.
[sad tunes continue]
You learn that you can survivebeing alone.
[sad tunes intense]
[sighs]
I'm really happy for you,Mr. Peanutbutter.
[night crickets]
[singing in Vietnamese]




Season 5 ep. 3 
















[jazz music playing]
I think, the most important thing here
is that we're honest with each otherand ourselves. Do you agree?
Uh, yes?
It says, here, you failedyour last six health inspections.
-Ooh.-How are you still in business?
I wanna say moxie?But possibly spunk.
[chuckles] I can't believeI fell asleep at your house.
-These shoots are messing up my rhythm.-It's so weird waking up at 6:00 p.m.
Don't worry. I'm not gonna make a habitof spending the night or day.
I get it. We work together,we make sex together,
we don't talk about feelings,
and yet sometimesa begrudging respect can blossom into--
-Nope.-"Blossoms into nothing"
is what I was gonna say.
You cut me off, so you look stupid.
Well, you look stupid when you sleep.Look, I took some dumb pictures.
-[BoJack] All right.-Stupid. Real stupid.
-[BoJack] You can delete some.-You have a weird eye.
-Obsessed much?-This is what it would look like
if corpses could drool. [laughs]
-Hi, excuse me, can I get The BoJack?-What is that?
It's an off-the-menu itemfor those in the know.
Obviously, I'm BoJackand I always order the BoJack sandwich.
That's kooky.
Why would your name be a sandwich name?
Because I own this restaurantand I'm a celebrity.
So, are all sandwiches namedafter celebrities?
Is chicken salad a celebrity?
No, that's just a thingthey put in the sandwich.
That's not someone's name.
Can't it be both? My name is Pickles.
-What?-I'll have a burger.
BoJack, I'm going to the can.Have fun with the waitress.
-[water running]-[humming rhythmically]
-Um.-It's me, Pickles, from before.
-It's cool dating a celebrity.-Okay.
I'm also dating a celebrity.Should we start a club?
-I call vice president.-I'm not dating anyone.
And if I had to guess,I'd say neither are you.
Guys in this town, especially celebrities,are not exactly the settle-down type.
That's why I hit the jackpot with my guy.He doesn't have a problem committing.
In fact,he just got out of his third marriage.
A celebrity who just got divorced.Yeah. No way he'll break your heart.
Do you think Mr. Peanutbutter and Iare moving too fast?
I don't know you or your relationship,
but I have been around the blocka few times.
I was even on an ABC procedural,called The Block, which aired a few times.
The key is to have zero expectations,and then you'll never be disappointed.
Hmm.
Yeah, zero expectations,
which also seems to be the mantraof this restaurant.
Thank you.
[theme music]
She looks dead.
But I'm not a doctor, I'm a sassy cop.
Poor girl had dreams.
And there's nothing more preciousthan dreams.
Philbert takes a drag of his cigarette,then kneels down to inspect the corpse.
-[Flip] Cut!-[buzzer buzzes]
BoJack,you said the stage directions again.
Sorry. My brain is kinda muddled.It's these night shoots.
I think it works.
John Philbert doesn't play by the rules.He says his stage directions out loud.
It's confusing, which meansthe show is daring and smart.
-Hey, wanna go check out craft services?-Mm-mm.
How could whatever you're listening tobe more fun
than hearing me rantabout the fruit spread?
Is your rant honeydew related?
It's in the honeydew area,
but the specifics arewhat keep it fresh each time.
Uh-huh.
-[joyful music]-[grunting]
[groans]
-Are you ready to go?-Yeah.
Sorry, I didn't realize how late it got.
If only there was an easy way
to keep trackof what time it is right now.
-I'll go change.-No, keep your suit on.
My parents are gonna be impressedI'm dating an executive.
Cool!I've never impressed parents before.
I believe that.
Listen, I haven't told my familyI'm asexual,
so it might be best if, for tonight,we just pretend we're sexually active.
I mean, it's a family dinner.
What are the odds they're going to askquestions about our sexuality, right?
Right...
[mystery music]
Right.
Yeah...
Yeah.
-[Pickles] Hmm.-Aha! Whoa. Slow down.
-Stop. We're here.-Mr. Peanutbutter?
Am I Steve Carell taking a dramatic rolein Little Miss Sunshine,
and you are the American publicthat only knows him for his comedic work?
Because... surprise!
Oh, my God. Are you the umlautin Chloë Sevigny's name, right now?
Because I don't know why you're here,but I'm glad you are.
As Courteney Cox said when she discovereda rotting corpse in the woods
near the Cougar Town set,"Good God, I hope you're not busy."
-What?-This is a thinker.
-You'll get it later.-Okay.
I have a very fun plan for tonight.
I just heard that they're going to blow upthe International Space Station.
-Oh, my God. Blow it up? Why?-No one knows why space people do things.
But I thought we could road tripout to the desert
and witness the explosionin all her glory.
That sounds amazing!
I'm so glad you're as excited as I am,and not mad at me
for trying to surprise youwith something nice.
Yeah! But... are we moving too fast?
A wise lady, in the bathroom,told me some stuff.
-Ooh, she sounds smart. Better listen.-I think her name was Hamburger.
Maybe we should wait, some days,before going on another date.
Okay. If that's how you feel,you stay here and do nothing,
and I'll go have this amazing,
once-in-a-lifetime experienceall by myself.
It does sound cool.I could also drive to the desert.
If we're both going,we might as well carpool.
That's smart! But just to be clear,we're slowing things down.
It's not a date.
[chuckles] Exactly.
Is this that mysterious,brown hors d'oeuvre
I ate at Mark McGrath's pool party,last week?
Because... oh, boy. Not a date.
[rhythmic music]
...and finally, Carnegie.
Thus, concludes the two-item listof acceptable melons.
-[humming rhythmically]-Always with the earbuds.
What are you listening to?
-Hey! No... Ugh!-[musical playing]
[laughs] What is this?
-This is so corny.-It's not corny.
I mean,it's technically a musical about corn,
but it's actually sophisticated.
Wait a second.Are you... into musicals?
I sense you'll make this a thing.
Well, well, well, the stone-hearted cynic,who thinks feelings are for suckers,
has a secret soft spot for sappy musicals.
-Okay.-When you say, "Okay,"
do you mean okay like "correct,"or okay like "OK-lahoma"?
-♪ Oklahoma ♪-All right.
Step-ball-change, step-ball-change,shuffle off to Buffalo, and big finish.
-BoJack, watch out!-Whoa!
-[Gina] Ah... oh, God.-Ouch! God damn it!
Once again, my life has been worsenedby a brush with musical theater.
[groans]
♪ Oh, yes, it's trueI'm feeling so romantic ♪
Driver, can you put onsomething less romantic?
I have a podcastabout the space station explosion.
Oh, good idea!Nothing is less romantic than learning.
[on radio] From Girlcroosh,I'm Diane Nguyen
and this is the Crooshcast.
Oh. My ex-wife has a podcast.This is probably weird for you.
No, it would only be weirdif we were on a date, but we're not, so...
[Diane] I'm here with Laika,the first woman in space.
Laika, why are we blowing upthe space station?
[Laika] On International Space Station,everything ten years old.
All phone chargers is for original iPhone.
[laughs] Hotcha! I make jokes.
But is always designed to go exploded.
Is called "planned obsolescence."
[Diane] Planned obsolescence.[chuckles]
Sounds like a good descriptionof my last marriage.
-Well, that's probably enough of this.-No. Leave it on.
[Diane] Now he's dating a girlabout 20 years younger than him.
-Honestly, she's the one I feel bad for.-[laughs]
-Why does she feel bad for me?-We should put on something else!
You got it.
[DJ] Coming up, we got a brand-new singlefrom Twenty-One Pilots.
Ew, back to the podcast.
-Todd is the president of ad sales.-Mm, look at you.
-And he went to a really good college.-I did?
That's very impressive.
I'm afraid we don't know a lotabout the world of big business.
As I'm sure Yolanda has told you,
I'm but a humble,best-selling, erotic novelist
and my wife is a world-famous,adult, film star,
and Yolanda's identical twin sister,Mindy, is a sex advice columnist.
Wow! Yolanda told me all of that.
That's all really great information,that I was already privy to.
Well, the important thing isthat Yolanda is happy
and she's finally found a man, woman,or object to have sex with.
Todd is very accomplishedat sexual intercourse. Aren't you, Todd?
Yeah, I'm the best at the sex.Hooba, hooba.
Um...
-Are you trying to say "hubba, hubba"?-Uh...
You know, Todd, I have a bitof a reputation, myself. [moans]
-Whoa!-Okay, we should be hitting the road.
Oh, but you must stay for erotic dessert.
You know, I saw the erotic dessertin the kitchen.
Who knew you could makesuch a realistic anus out of marzipan?
You can thank my husband.He posed for the baker.
Wow, you know,it really puts the "um" in "yum."
I insist you spend the nightand make love in my home.
-Uh...-I can't think of a reason,
you wouldn't want to have sexin your parents' house.
Unless, you don't enjoy sex.
[sudden sounds]
No! Of course we'll spend the night,and... fornicate.
[rhythmic music]
Hey, I got a suggestion for that scenewhere you make your big confession.
-Oh, yeah?-I was thinking you could maybe confess...
♪ ...in song! ♪
-[grunts]-Whoa, hey!
-BoJack, shut up and get in here.-Okay, look at that! Found an emotion.
I'm gonna tell yousomething very personal.
When I was a little girl, my mom took meto see A Kernel of Truth on Broadway.
It wasn't a big hit.
Yeah, I know. I Googled the reviewsso I could mock you.
That Frank Rich could bea real frank bitch, am I right?
Well, I was six and it blew my mind.
I spent my childhood dreaming of, one day,getting to sing on Broadway.
But, I guess, I wasn't good enough.
So now I get steady TV work,which is fine, and I'm fine,
but I still listen to that musical
because it reminds me of a timewhen I was less jaded,
when I believed I could do anything,and that makes me feel good.
Oh, my God, Gina.
I-I didn't realize how muchthis musical meant to you.
-And that... that's even funnier!-Oh!
[laughs] Oh, come on!
You know if this were reversed,you'd be giving me shit.
Ugh!
Hey, Gina, I'm sorry. I was just teasing.I was... It was... [sighs]
Gina, come out of the bathroom.
Gina? Oh, right.
[Laika] So, he make for youroom, that you always have dream of,
and this is why you leave?Seems like overreaction.
[laughs] Oh, thank you!
[Diane] Okay, we're gonna take a break.
I'm getting kinda hungry.
We could stop at a restaurant,but that's kind of a date thing.
Well, fast food doesn't count, right?
-Look, there's a KFC at the next exit.-Perfect.
[piano music playing]
Welcome to KFC,which stands for Kiki's French Cuisine.
-Hon hon hon!-[gasps]
[both] Oh.
I'm not sure I want to wear the pajamasyour dad gave me.
I'm sorry you have to deal with all this.
Is it just meor was your sister flirting with me?
Ugh, when we were in high school,
I was still trying to figure outmy sexuality,
so, I dressed as Mindy,and tried to seduce her boyfriend.
-Hmm.-I quickly realized I wasn't into it,
but Mindy found out,and now that I have a boyfriend,
she probably wants to have sex with youto get revenge. Typical sister stuff.
I thought sisters were doing itfor themselves.
I mean, what does she need me for?
-[knocking]-Todd,
can you help me move some furniture?My husband has a hernia.
Yeah, no, I noticed in the marzipan.
So, what, uh,furniture do you want me to--
-[sighs]-Oh, no! Your garment fell.
This must be so embarrassing for you.
Just as I suspected.You're not sexual at all.
Like, heck I'm not.
Any ordinary man would be madly aroused
by the body that starred in every singleporn version of a John Hughes movie:
Sixteen Cans, Titty in Pink,The Breakfast Chub, Homo Bone...
-I gotta go.-Cum Kind of Wonderful,
Penis Bueller Gets Off,Planes, Trains and Autoerotic-mobiles.
[panting]
[shouts]
When the cock crows midnight,
meet me under the old willow treein the backyard for sex.
-Zoinks!-[laughs]
[panting]
Okay, quick update.
Mindy wants to meet mefor backyard sex at midnight,
and your mother knows I'm asexual.
She showed me her boobs.
Please tell me you said, "Ahh-ooga!"
Oh, I didn't!
Oh, no! She'll disown me!We gotta convince her you're super horny.
-How?-If Mindy told my mom
that you made a pass at her,that would prove you're not asexual.
Here's the plan.We'll wait until the cock crows midnight.
Who is this cock?
When she's at the backyard,
I'll sneak in her roomand wear her clothes.
I'll pretend I'm Mindyand tell my mother you made a pass at me.
Okay, this sounds a little complicated,
but I think I can handleexactly this amount of complication
as long as things don't becomeone bit more complicated.
-[musical playing over earbuds]-Hey, I'm sorry I made fun of your dream.
[sighs] It's okay.Just don't tell anyone about it.
Good news; too late.I talked to Flip and Princess Carolyn
about how you'reinto this Broadway crap...
-What?-...and they said maybe you can sing
in the nightclub episode.Can you believe it?
-Oh, my God.-It's your big break, and I helped!
I don't want help.Why would you do that?
I know you don't want medoing nice things
because I'm not your boyfriend,and you're a sentient wall of spikes,
but they want to hear you singat the next break.
Here's a song!
♪ Hell, no! ♪
Gina, this is your dream,
and there's nothing more preciousthan dreams.
It doesn't work that way.
You're used to being the star,so good things always happen to you.
I'm not the star.
I'm the third on the call sheetfor Murder Hospital,
or Who Called the Monkey Paramedics.
And maybe if I'm lucky, when I'm 60,
I can get a juicy season arcon the right cable show
where everyone goes,"Who's this 60-year-old woman?
She came out of nowhere."Then I win an Emmy in a movie
where I play Benjamin Bratt's mother.
Gina, I know, but what I'm saying is,what if you are the star?
-I'm not.-But what if you are?
If you don't try, you'll never know.You'll spend the rest of your life
wondering if you could have made itor not.
Is that what you want?Always the Bratt's mom and never Da Brat?
[scoffs]
Okay.
-Yeah?-Yeah.
-Just... so I don't have to wonder, right?-Exactly.
I'm gonna go get ready.This is dumb, but thank you, BoJack.
-[piano music playing]-[exhales, giggles]
[birds giggling, cooing]
[both munching]
You know, this is actually really freeing.
I feel like, I can say all the thingsI would never say on a date.
Like that I've never seen The Wire,and I don't think I'm gonna.
Well, I'd never tell a datethat I get the New York Times,
but I only read the style sectionand throw the rest away.
I don't have or want children,
but I silently judge every parentthat I see in public.
I sleep with a chew toy,since I was a kid.
[chuckles]I still have feelings for Diannnne.
Oh. That's much less funthan the other things.
Uh, listen--
Let's just finish our mealand go see the explosion.
-[Mr. Peanutbutter groans]-[both slurp]
[both sigh]
[drums beat]
♪ It's midnight! ♪
And I'm the cock.
[rhythmic sounds]
Here I come. [giggles]
Okay.
[giggles]
Ah! Mrs. Buenaventura!
I was trying to understandhow someone could be like you,
so I did a little research.
Did you know a computer can do morethan just find porn?
I use my laptop to flatten pie dough.
This concept of asexuality intrigues me.
I've grown tired of the whole worldthinking of me as a sex object.
For once in my life I would like to havea close, intimate experience
that has nothing to do with sex.
-[shouts]-[gasps]
Asexualize melike one of your French girls, Todd.
Gulp!
[rhythmic sounds]
I can't believe he didn't show up.Only makes me want him more.
Hmm.
Mom, are you there? It's me, Mindy.
You can tellbecause I'm dressed like a slut, as usual.
Mindy, come down here.I have a question only you can answer.
Oh, okay.
If you really want to be asexual,
first, you have to put onevery piece of clothing you own.
That's how we make surewe don't look sexy.
So, leave me and go do that.
Very well, but I'll be backto not have sex with you.
Ooh, I'm getting less excitedjust thinking about it.
Hoo-hoo! Hooba, hooba.
Ooh.
-I need some advice, Mindy.-That's me. I'm definitely Mindy.
So you keep saying.
Look, I'd like to giveyour sister Yolanda this. [grunts]
The last barrel
of your great grandmother's secret recipepersonal lubricant.
As you know, when a Buenaventurais about to make love
for the first time in our home,
we always give them a barrelof the family lube.
Uh, well...
Antique lube of this purityis worth at least $100,000.
Ah-ooga!
[rhythmic sounds]
Hello, baby, it's me,your girlfriend Yolanda.
I came to ravage you.
There's something different about you,but I can't put my finger on it.
Todd, take off your pantsand get in bed.
Wait. What?
My dad is about to give usvery expensive lube
just for having sex in this house.
And which sister are you?
What the hell are you doing in here?
Todd, tell Mindy to get her assout of here, so we can get nasty.
I'm Yolanda.Get away from my boyfriend!
Don't listen to her, Todd.
I'm clearly Yolandabecause I'm dressed like a dumb loser.
I'm so confused. I'm Todd, right?
Maybe, this'll clear things up.Mindy's the one who's about to die!
-[groaning, moaning]-Oh, dear, I'm too late.
They're already having sex.[sighs] They don't need the lube.
[Yolanda] Ouch! That hurts!
-Or maybe they do need the lube.-[door opens]
Ha! Can't see me now, world.
Angelica, as I jizz and breathe,what the hell are you wearing?
-Oh, no! The lube!-Oh, dear!
[Mr. Buenaventura] Oh!That's too slippery!
-Ho, oh, oh, oh! [grunts]-[Todd] Oh, my God!
-[Mrs. Buenaventura] Ah! Oh!-[Yolanda] Oh!
[Mindy] Oh, no! Our grandma'ssexily spinning in her grave.
Todd, you gotta save the lube!Just plug the hole with your erect penis!
What? No.
It's the only thingthat'll fit the hole perfectly.
There has to be another way.
Surely it's erect since you've beenjust having sex with my daughter,
so unless you've been deceiving me,this whole time, in my own home,
there's no logical reason, for you,not to whip out your erect penis
and plug the damn hole!
Todd, the lube!
I'm gonna try my big toe.That's the penis of the foot.
[Yolanda] Oh, God, be careful!
-[Todd] Whoa! Look out!-[Yolanda] No! Whoa!
[all shouting]
-[Mindy] Whoa, whoa, whoa!-[Mr. Buenaventura] I can't look!
[all] No!
-[Mindy sighing]-[Yolanda sighs]
[all shouting]
Before I start, just to give some context
because the songdoesn't make sense if...
Okay, so, it's 1712,
and American colonist Sybilla Mastersis perfecting her invention.
Can we lose the liner notesand get to the singing?
I'm a producer. I can't just sit aroundhaving conversations, all day.
Oh, yeah, sorry. Of course.[inhales, exhales]
♪ We love our cornAnd we need our corn ♪
♪ But for goodness sakeI could just break it in pieces ♪
♪ Would it be all rightIf I solved our plight? ♪
♪ Maybe if I could find my old journals ♪
♪ They'll help me to grind new kernels ♪
Aw, shucks!
♪ I have the willpowerTo create this mill tower ♪
♪ We'll be quite a pairThough I'll be my own scarecrow ♪
♪ It's not just a phase ♪[voice croaks]
♪ This female inventor craze ♪
♪ If it takes years or days ♪
♪ I'm gonna solve this maize ♪
♪ 'Cause I was boooooorn ♪
♪ For the cooooooooooorn ♪
I'm sorry. I'm gonna go.
Thank you. And I'm sorry. And...[clears throat] I'm sorry.
Okay, I'm just gonna say it.That was weird.
You know what, she was nervous, and--
BoJack, I don't know what kindof power games you two are playing,
but keep it in the bedroom.
That was just mean, to her and to us.
No. I thought she'd be good.I was trying to do a nice thing.
And I would like to be judged solelyon my intentions this time.
[both grunting]
[both shouting]
Interloper!You ruined our family heirloom.
Ah! I'm sorryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy...
-[both grunting]-That's for trying to trick Todd
into having sex with you!
And that's for having sexwith my boyfriend in high school!
I never had sex with him!
Yes, you did!The whole school knew about it.
No, I didn't.
I was going to, but I ran awaybecause I'm [shouting] asexuaaaaaaaaal!
[gasping]
You know,it felt good to finally tell them.
I was surprisedhow cool they were with it.
Yeah, I kind of forgotthat despite our differences,
they're family and they love me.
So, I guess all that sneaking aroundwas completely pointless.
Hey, you're right!What a silly waste of time.
-Hey, can I ask you something?-Of course.
Why did you tell your familyI went to college?
Oh, I don't know, I guessI just wanted you to seem impressive.
-Impressive to who?-Todd... [sighs] To whom.
[sighs]
-Yolanda, we need to break up.-What?
The only thing we have in commonis that we're asexual.
I'm sure there's a guy out there for you,whom's smart and accomplished
-and whom went to college---And also doesn't want to have sex?
Yeah. Probably.
-But what if there isn't?-Well, then let's make a deal.
How about if neither of us meetanybody else by the time we're a hundred,
we give this another shot?
When we're a hundred? I don't know.Are you gonna steal my dentures
and use them to buildsome sort of motorized nutcracker,
but then the nutcracker's AIbecomes self-aware
and leads all the other denturesin the nursing home in a toothy revolt?
-I wanna say no, but probably yes.-[sighs]
Well, then, I guess I'll see youwhen we're a hundred.
[soft, calm music playing]
-[Pickles shivers]-Come on, you're shivering.
-Please, just take the blanket.-No, I'm okay.
Are you the type of war dramatizedin The Hunt for Red October?
Because you're cold.
That one doesn't even make sense.How do you hunt a month?
I know that it was really hardto hear what I said in the restaurant,
but... I want you to knoweverything about me,
even the hard stuff.
I get it. This is a bad time for youto start a relationship.
[laughs] Of course it's a bad time!
I just signed divorce papers.
But I can't controlwhen I meet someone special.
So, what am I supposed to do, just pretendI don't want to see you every night?
But what if I'm like the space station?
After a while, you get bored of meand replace me with someone new.
Look, I don't know the future.
This could end in heartbreakfor both of us.
I mean, most relationships do.
And if I'm honest,it's not usually me that gets bored.
But I'd like to see where it goesbecause... I like you.
[chuckles] And we have fun together.
And every time we see each other,I like you a little more.
Hmm. Hey, am I Taylor Swift's grudgeagainst Katy Perry, right now?
Because even though it makes no sense,I want to be held for a superlong time.
-[Mr. Peanutbutter chuckles] Mmm.-Mmm.
[romantic music playing]
-[phone clicks]-[sighs]
[crying, sniffles]
-[folk rock music playing]-[sighs]
-Hey, Gina.-Hi.
[stammers] Look, I'm sorry.I thought--
Hey, from now on,let's just stick to the original rules
-and not get in each other's business.-Yes, of course.
-[stammers] I'm sorry. I didn't even---For the record, you were right.
If I didn't sing there,I would have spent the rest of my life
not knowingif I ever could have made it or not.
Now I know. So, good.
You had a bad audition.It doesn't mean that everything--
I said it's fine.
You did your good deed,so, you can feel good about yourself.
-Hmm.-I'm going to bed.
If you want to have sex with me, you can.Otherwise, I'll see you in the morning.
O-Okay. Uh... Hmm.
[distant explosion]
[sighs]
[music continues]
-[smooching]-[Pickles giggling]
[music continues]




Season 5 ep. 4
















[siren wails, stops]
[car door opens, closes]
-Sir, please get back into your car.-Here's how it's gonna go down.
You're gonna let me go.
If you're lucky,I might even honk your... boobies!
Whoa! Hey! Hey!
-for assaulting a police officer.-You're arresting me?
You must be new here,on the rag, or both.
I'm movie star Vance Waggoner,and I hate Jews!
[drums] This is the Deep Dive!
My guest today recently said some things,or did some things?
I only read the headline.Vance, what happened?
[sighs]
First of all, I don't hate Jews.
If I did, would I be able to sitin the same room
as my good friend Mark Feuerstein, a Jew?
You know, when I first heardVance's comments, they stung,
but when he called to offer his apologyand a supporting role in his next movie,
I thought, "Does not the Torahteach us to forgive?"
As it is written, "schmear, don't smear."
[drums] Hey! Good to see you.Thanks for coming, everyone!
[camera clicking]
Hey! Hey, Vance, did you get practiceswinging that baseball bat
from the time you hit that prostitute,with a baseball bat?
What? Who told you that?
I'm Tom Jumbo-Grumbo,and this is Gotcha!
Vance Waggoner,you hit a woman with a baseball bat.
What's your side of the story?
Okay, look,when that altercation occurred,
I was an immature child... of 38.I'm not that guy anymore.
Vance Waggoner respects women.
We have a tape of a voicemail you leftfor your 14-year-old daughter.
-Oh, God.-Let's give it a listen, shall we?
-[tone beeps]-I'll murder you.
I'm going to murder my daughter.I don't respect women.
You're out there, hanging outwith your dirty Swedish friends.
That's right, I hate Swedes now.
I bet you didn't see that coming,
-you disgusting slut, who is my daughter!-[tone beeps]
As we say here on Gotcha,that's a gotcha.
Why did I go on a show called Gotcha?
[camera shutters clicking]
I stand here with my wife beside me,and my daughter,
and my good friend Stellan Skarsgård.
-I am retiring from public life.-[press corps gasps]
This is the last you'll seeof Vance Waggoner.
Who are we gonna getto play Philbert's partner?
We need a bad boy.Someone dangerous,
someone you see comingand think, "This guy is trouble."
You know who would be perfect?
[theme music playing]
[growls, grunts]
-Thank you so much for meeting me.-Of course.
I know how busy you are.
The Apology Tour can be a hassle,but you've been handling it perfectly.
What do you have lined up next?
Well, I'm getting the lifetime achievementat the We Forgive You Awards.
You're getting a Forgivie?Damn, your publicist is good.
I don't care about awards.I just want to work, damn it.
You just have to remind themhow good you are.
Maybe by taking a meaty role on my gritty,prestige television show Philbert.
Once word gets outthat it's okay to hire you again,
all the other offers will come rolling in.Producers are like lemmings.
-Hey, I resent that!-Me, too!
-I also resent that. To the cliff!-Yeah, let's go.
I have a great deal of love and respectfor the lemming community!
Okay, I'm in.
Diane, can you believe this?
Vance Waggoner is gettinga We Forgive You Award!
Ugh! This town is full of hypocrites.
They act all shocked when one of theirfavorite stars turns out to be a dirtbag,
but they can't wait to give a comebackto all the dirtbags we already know about.
Now, that is the kind of storyI would share without reading,
which, for our purposes,is even better than people reading.
Go to the awards show,
take down that skeevy so-and-so,
and then during commercial breaks,get in some Hollywoo hobnobbing.
-Oh, I'd rather not.-Diane, you have to hobnob.
Have you not been hobnobbing?Hob that nob, girl!
We know how this ends.Our core readership eats it up,
a bunch of dude-broscall me a "dumb slunt,"
and Vance's career chugs, right along.
So, stellar! And while you're there,you can ask your friend BoJack,
why Vance is gonna co-staron his new TV show.
He's what? Oop! Aaaah!
[explosive music]
Greetings, from the red carpet!
Filling in for a Mario Lopez-type,'tis I, Mr. Peanutbutter!
-And lookie here!-[yelps]
Super-producer and also my manager,Princess Carolyn!
Who are you wearing
and why haven't you called,about the Dog Day Afternoon reboot?
-Uh...-It's cool. We can talk.
-They cut around stuff they don't need.-Oh, okay.
No one understands how to make a womanfeel beautiful like Louis Kitton.
Listen, kid. Dog Day Afternoonisn't gonna happen for you.
-People don't see you as the tough guy.-That's not fair.
Who are you excited to see tonight?
So many amazing starsare being forgiven tonight.
Megyn Kelly, Mark Wahlberg...[laughs]
Look, every actor has a range,
and maybe a gritty dramaabout a tough-guy bank robber
is too much of a stretch for you.
So, I'm not tough enough, huh?
I'll show them how tough I can be.
We'll be back with more of the Red CarpetPre-Show Fashion-Stravaganza,
so don't touch that remote...[growls] or else.
[choral music playing]
There is no one this town lovesforgiving more than Vance Waggoner.
[applause]
I just don't get why you're doing this.
-We need a big star, Diane.-No, Diane's right.
-I'm the big star.-That's not my point.
You can't have two stars.
All the greatest detective showsare focused around a central,
usually titular character.
Kojak, Monk, Nickis.
-Who's Nickis?-You know, Nickis.
Sometimes, he goes to Los Angeles,to New Orleans...
Are you...? Do you mean NCIS?
No.
Princess Carolyn, if you hire this guy,what kind of message does that send?
Diane, we both knowthe industry is screwed up.
I'm not talking to the industry.I'm talking to you.
-Take some responsibility.-Excuse me?
Hey! Cheese plate!
...Vance Waggoner!
[cheering, applause]
-Ugh!-[camera clicks]
Horseman forcefully forgoes applausefor Vance at Forgivies!
Is a feud forming on the Philbert front?
That's the buzz around town,and the question on everybody's mind is,
"Why the strong face?"
He made the face in protest becauseof what Vance said about native Alaskans.
BoJack's clearly upsetabout the time Vance Waggoner
said the Madrid train bombingswere "a real mixed bag."
Remember when Vance lockedthat shopgirl in a hotel room
and said, "I've got pizzazz"while masturbating into a champagne flute?
Because BoJack remembers.[slurps]
God damn it! The whole point of the awardwas to put the past behind me.
But now,because of this idiot's dumb face,
my past is all anyone's talking about!
Everyone else was clapping.Why couldn't you clap?
Hey, man, awards showshould've had better cheese.
-My publicist is furious, by the way.-Ooh, spooky publicist!
Hope she doesn't papercut mewith her mad press release.
We're gonna handle this.
BoJack will go on TV and explainthis unfortunate faux pas du fromage.
-Won't you, BoJack?-Ugh. Fine.
Once again, hero BoJack will clean upeveryone else's mess.
-Hello, Todd.-Ooh!
Did you notice how I just walked inwithout knocking? Pretty tough, huh?
Not at all!
To me, it read as amiable and familiar,
like our friendship has an assumed"open door" policy.
God damn it! [thumps] Owie!
Apparently, Hollywoo producersdon't think I'm tough enough
to play the bad boy parts.
-Oh, no!-Todd, you're the toughest guy I know.
[giggles]
-Will you teach me how to be tough?-I thought you'd never ask.
Because I had no ideathis was happening to you.
-[audience applauding]-[music playing]
BoJack, clear the air.Why'd you give Vance the face?
Well, there was this cheese--
And you're lactose intolerant,
which reminded youthat Vance lacks tolerance?
No, it--
The cheese stands alone,
but no woman should stand alone,when standing up to sexual harassment?
-Squawk!-No, it wasn't any of those things!
So, you're saying it wasn't any one thing,more of an accumulation?
-It---BoJack, it is really incredible,
your taking a stand against your co-star.
-No, I'm not taking any stand---I mean, the guy choked his wife,
and most of Hollywoo is, like,"No biggie. Good for him!"
-Squawk!-Okay, well, obviously it's not good
he choked his wife.
-Wow!-[cheering, applause]
No, no, no! I wasn't trying to makesome bold statement or anything.
It's just that...choking your wife is bad.
[cheering and applauding]
Really?
Okay.
Can I just tell you how amazing it isto hear a man say that?
Well, Paloma,someone needed to take a stand.
[cheering and applauding]
Call me crazy. I mean,this is just old BoJack talking,
-but how about we don't choke any women?-[cheering]
So true, right? Don't choke women!
[all chanting] Don't choke women!
BoJack is right.
Hollywoo shouldn't legitimize abusers,
by allowing them to starin movies and TV shows,
that play off their problematic personas!
[audience] Hollywooshouldn't legitimize abusers
by allowing them to starin movies and TV shows
that play offtheir problematic personas!
-All right!-Squawk!
And speakingof battering women,
right after the break, we'll show youhow to make the perfect blueberry pancake.
-With proud feminist, BoJack Horseman.-Stick around!
And don't choke women! [chuckles]
[signal buzzes]
How is it you consistently do the oppositeof the thing I need you to do?
I don't know, Princess Carolyn.
Is it possible, this whole time,
I've been an amazing feminist hero,and nobody knew it?
-BoJack!-Feels pretty right.
Yeah, I'm a male feminist.You're welcome, society.
-I gotta call Vance.-Okay.
I'm just gonna stay here, being woke.
Vance! Listen,BoJack's been very dehydrated.
No, no, no. You can't use the old"dehydration made him stupid" trick on me.
Okay?I'm Mr. Dehydration-Made-Me-Stupid.
BoJack really wants to work with you.He just got caught up--
Doesn't matter.I'm not doing the show.
-What?-You were right.
All it took was one offer.
Once word got out I was doing Philbert,all the other offers started pouring in.
You signed a contract!
Oh, please. I sexted a 12-year-oldand still got a Humanitas Prize.
You think I can't get out of a contract,with a time website?
By the way, still very sorryabout sexting that 12-year-old.
[groans] Oh-hh!
Hey, Princess Carolyn,you ever notice how, as a woman,
you only make ten centsfor every dollar your clients make?
-Really makes you think, huh?-BoJack, I was wrong, you were right.
Let's take that asshole down.
So, now, you wanna take him down
Now, that he's not doingyour TV show, anymore?
Diane, don't be cynical.
-I'm cynical?-What do you want me to say?
I got blinded by my desireto see myself succeed,
which, since I'm a woman,is actually very feminist.
But now that Vance can't help me succeed,
I realize the more feminist thing to dois to make sure he doesn't succeed either.
-I'm cynical?-I'm offering an olive branch, here.
Look, this town loves assholes like Vance.There's nothing we can do.
This town is as wishy-washyas a virgin on prom night.
All they need to listen to womenis the right voice-- a man's voice.
[BoJack] Oh!
-Is that why I'm here?-Yep. I brought you two together
because between your feminist brainand your stupid manly face,
you can actually say thingsthat people will listen to.
That's a good point.People do listen to me all the time.
One time I tweeted "RIP David Bowie,"and now everyone still thinks he's dead.
-David Bowie is dead.-Wait, for real? Oh, man.
So, through BoJack, I can saywhatever I want, to a huge audience,
without being called "shrill,"or "naggy," or "classic Diane."
Yeah. Everyone loves a male feminist.
It turns out, the problemwith feminism, all along,
is it just wasn't men doing it.
We're much less shrill.
Yeah, this is truly a great dayfor women everywhere.
[rock music playing]
Okay, how do I make people thinkI'm a tough bad boy,
who doesn't give a careabout society's precious rules?
Every time Vance Waggonerbreaks the rules,
-it gets caught on camera.-That's it!
We just need some video evidenceof me being tough!
Here, record this.
Ooooh!
-[phone camera beeps]-[exhales]
-Hey, got one for me, toughie?-Sorry, bud.
Not yet, you're not.
But you can bet your candy assyou're gonna be.
-[Todd] Ooh!-[stammers] What the--?
What do you say to that?
-Thank you. So much.-Huh?
Two weeks ago, we buried my father.Lung cancer.
My baby girl made me promiseI'd quit smoking,
but I've been sneakingthese suicide sticks this entire time.
No more. That was my last cigarette.
-[sweet melody music]-Thank you, you sweet, sweet soul.
Mm-wah!
You are truly a kindand approachable character.
And tough?
Tough not to love, you big galoot!
-Oh, banana bread!-[phone camera beeps]
-Okay, just...-[marker squeaking]
[sighs] Okay, so, pop cultureinherently normalizes things,
and that power works both ways.
It can normalize things for good,
like how dancing Ellen makesmiddle America less afraid of gay people.
But it can also normalize thingsfor bad,
like what Jack Bauer did for torture,or what Jimmy Fallon did for lip-syncing.
So, when we give a platformto known abusers like Vance Waggoner,
that's an example of...?
Normalizing things for...?
-Good or bad?-I'm sorry.
I know you're trying really hardnot to be boring,
and it's kind of not boring,
but it still mostly feelslike I'm being lectured at.
-Okay, well---Hold on.
Let me imagine that I'm saying it.You know what, that's a little better.
Well, the bar for men is depressingly low.
Just sprinkle in a few words like"intersectionality" or "micro-aggressions"
and Vice News will name youFeminist of the Year.
Oh, should I wear a T-shirtthat says "Feminism is Bae"?
Girls love shit like that, right?
[sighs] Sounds great, BoJack.
[door closes]
-Hello, Diane.-[yelps] How did you get in my car?
-You left it unlocked.-It's a Prius. It locks automatically.
Priuses unlock automatically.
You still need to lock itwhen you get out.
-Really?-I know you and your little Scooby gang
are plotting something against my client,and I want you to stop.
Ugh! Of course that dirtbagwould hire Ana Spanakopita.
Vance has a troubled past.All he's asking for is a fresh start.
-No. Why does he get that over and over?-He's reformed.
What else would you have him do?
Let's say, you can make him doanything you want to make things right.
What would you makeVance Waggoner do, now?
Nothing.I don't think he can make things right.
Well, then, what do you hopeto accomplish, here?
Can't you just admit to me,
just between the two of us,that this sucks?
You can say it's your job, that youbelieve in "forgiveness," whatever,
but don't you at least a little bit think
that when we let guyslike Vance off the hook...
-Diane.-...when you, as a woman,
give awful menthe cover of your friendship,
when you work for them.First of all,
they're not gonna get better.Second of all, you are then complicit...
no, you're culpablefor the terrible things they do.
Are you done?
Just, woman to woman,can't you admit this is screwed up?
You've given me a lot to think about.
-[walking away]-[remote chirps, lock clicks]
Oh...!
So, in conclusion,is Smurfette a feminist icon?
I think the better question is,why does she have to be?,
We've gotten a little off track, here.We were talking about Vance Waggoner.
Oh, yeah!
We actually have a tape of a pressconference Vance gave, earlier today.
-What?-And he mentioned you in it.
Oh, no, is this a Gotcha?Am I the gotcha?
Let's see what he had to say.
I have an important announcement.
-I... am a feminist, too.-[applause]
That's why I had to walk awayfrom BoJack Horseman's new show Philbert.
Okay, I read the scripts they sent me,and I was outraged.
Gratuitous sexual violence.Protracted, lascivious nude scenes.
Maybe BoJack Horseman thinksthat's all in good fun,
but I know it's toxic.
And if I took part in it,I would be complicit--
no, culpable for that toxicity.
BoJack, what do you say to those charges?
Um...
The future is female?
[chuckles]
Pretty cool, huh?
-Uh, are you sure about this outfit?-All the toughest guys wear leather.
Biker gangs, motorcycle cops,non-heteronormative dominatrices.
Well, this is the sleaziest,most dangerous dive bar in Hollywoo.
It's where all the bad boys party.Charlie Sheen, Chris Brown, Subway Jared.
Great. I'll waltz right in, fighta few bouncers, throw a drink in a face,
and get this menacing mugon the cover of a few tabloids.
-Hey.-[Peanutbutter] Hey! Bird brains!
Why don't you snapsome pics of me being mean?
Get the word outthat I'm a real tough SOAB!
-You? Tough? Yeah, right!-Hah!
I've seen tougher guys at the fancy-boybubble bath parties I sometimes attend.
-What?-Sorry, I can't invite ya.
Fancy boys only.
-Well, you two have a pleasant afternoon.-No, Mr. Peanutbutter.
-Show 'em your tough stuff!-Oh, yeah!
[growls]
-[barks]-[birds yelp]
Oh, my God, are you guys okay?
-Did you hear that?-No.
Exactly. No more clicking.
You fixed my TMJ, which meansno more wearing a night guard to bed.
Wow, I already feel like a more confidentand assertive lover.
Thanks, Mr. Peanutbutter.
I'm gonna go homeand make love to my wiiiiiiiiiiiiife!
Uh...
My crossed eye. It-- it's fixed!
My depth perceptionis so much better now.
I'm gonna go watch a Wes Anderson movie
and see if I can perceiveany depth in iiiiiiiiiiit!
And stay out!
Whoa.
-So... did Philbert kill his wife?-Well, Sassy thinks so.
That's why she's pretendingto be his new partner,
to get closer to the truth.
Meanwhile, his old partner Fritzis back in the mix,
but he might be deadand just a projection
-of Philbert's lingering guilt.-Ooooh!
-That's very unclear.-Yeah, the whole thing's nonsense,
but, more importantly,how do we prove it's not sexist?
-It is sexist.-No, of course.
But right now, I have to do an interviewwhere I explain that it's not,
because otherwise,I'll look like a hypocrite,
which would be really badfor women everywhere.
So, in order to save feminism,
you need to give mesome smart-sounding reasons
why Philbertisn't what it so obviously is,
so that I can continue to be a heroand role model.
Everything Vance saidabout these scripts is true.
It's posing as a deconstructionof the edifice of toxic masculinity...
Uh-huh. Toxic masculinity, yeah. Right.
But it's just using that, as an excuseto relish in its own excesses.
And the most depressing thing...is that ten times more people
are gonna watch this showthan read anything I've ever written.
I feel you're not really gettinginto the spirit here.
We can still take down Vanceand topple the patriarchy.
Come on, we're doing feminism,it's supposed to be fun!
This isn't fun for me!
Being a woman is not a hobbyor a pet interest of mine.
You get to drop in, and play Joss Whedon,and everybody cheers.
But when you move onto your next thing, I'm still here.
Okay, yeah, I totally get that.But in the meantime,
I just need to know what to sayabout this show.
Say whatever you want.I have a listicle to write.
So, unless you can give me"five times Rihanna gave us life,"
this conversation is over.
BoJack Horsemanis our Deep Dive guest, today.
So, what's going on?Something about your show being sexist?
My producer printed out an articlefor me, but I did not read it.
Look, obviously,when you take plot points out of context,
they can seem unsavory.
But they're all part of a larger attemptto deconstruct... toxic... masculinity.
Ooh! Sounds glamorous!
No, we're not glamorizing it,that's the thing.
You're not supposed to like John Philbertor agree with the things he does.
It's a TV show.It doesn't glamorize anything.
But... maybe it normalizes it.
I gotta go.
Okay. We still have 48 minutes,so, I guess I should just talk?
-[clicks]-I was eight years old
when my fatherfirst showed me his scars.
Each scar... tells a story,and every story... leaves a scar.
[tires screech]
-[yelps] Holy crap!-Diane, the show needs your help.
-What?-You were right.
It's all the things you said it is,but it doesn't have to be.
Come on as a consulting producer.Work with Flip on the scripts,
make the show somethingthat we can all be proud of.
Why would I do that?
You said it yourself, more peopleare going to watch this show
than read anything you write.
I'm giving you the opportunityto change society for the better.
-Nothing I do changes anything.-No? You changed me.
[yelling, whooping]
Listen up, scum.
-[yelling stops]-Huh?
-[woman grunts]-There's a new sheriff in town.
-And his name is...-Trace Norcutt.
Yeah, I read about him this morningin the metro section.
He just won a special election, right?
-Maybe so, but I---[bartender] Wow!
Thank you, sir, for keeping us informed
about the comings and goingsof our city politic.
After all, a democracy is only as strongas its populace is informed.
No, no, no, I was trying to--
Hey, let's cheer oncefor this kind stranger!
-Hip! Hip!-[patrons] Hurray!
I guess Princess Carolyn was right.Huh, Todd? Todd?
So, I guess the toughest thing of allwas being tough.
-Who are you talking to?-Estelle.
-Who's Estelle?-Just Estelle. You don't know her.
Not everybody needs to know everybody.
Hmm. I have learned two lessons, today.
We still need to cast Philbert's partner.
No more bad boys.We can't take another PR hit.
We need an actor who everybody loves.Someone almost annoyingly positive.
Enthusiastic with zero baggage.
[phone beeping, meowing]
You know who would be perfect?
Uh...
Hey, Flip! Diane.
Yeah, you're the lady who's gonna makemy show less sexist, right?
-Well, I'll see what I can do.-Here's what I need.
Sit in my office, don't chew too loud,and collect your paycheck.
Then, when the show comes out,
people will see your namein the credits and say,
"Huh, a lady worked on the show.Guess it's not sexist."
-I can contribute more than that.-Not necessary.
Hey, thanks for being here.You're really making a difference.
Uh...
[door closes]
-Hello, Diane.-[shouts] Jesus Christ!
I locked the doors this time!
I broke your window,because I needed to talk to you.
-I have a phone!-You were right about Vance.
He just got fired off his new movieafter a drunken rant about the Chinese,
and then plowed his Hummer into the sideof the Grauman's Egyptian Theatre.
-Not the... Chinese Theatre?-Mhm.
Anyway, his career is over,for about two or three years,
-and then he'll be fine again.-Yeah.
Listen, I'm sorry, the last time I saw youI made things kind of personal.
No, no. You were right.We give these men cover.
And if we give them cover,
we should knowexactly what they're capable of.
In fact,I wanted to share this with you...
-woman to woman.-[clicks]
[BoJack's voice] She just walked inat the worst possible...
-It wasn't my fault... right?-What is this?
-[woman] ...what you're talking about.-[BoJack] On the boat.
There was a girl.
-What?-In New Mexico.
-And she trusted me.-Wha...?
I keep asking myself,
if her mother didn't walk in,would I have done it?
And part of me is surethat I... I couldn't.
But another part knows that's a lie.
How do you make it right
when you've made it so wrong,you can never go back?
[music playing]




Season 5 ep. 5 
















A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES
[classical music playing]
[man on TV] Can't you see?You don't belong here!
Destiny has bigger plans for you.Oh, yes.
-[woman on TV] But this is my home.-[rooster crows]
It's the only home I've ever known!
-[voices]-[man] You were made for the skies.
Why do you thinkthey named you Amelia Earhart?
It's because your heart...belongs in the air.
[reciting Amelia's lines]It's true, that is my name.
-Ah! Boots, leave your sister alone!-She started it!
Well, stop it right nowor I'll pop the both of you.
So, put on those flygirl goggles,get in your biplane and fly to the sun.
[reciting] But a woman's never flownto the sun before.
Come on! What other gal'sgot the get-up-and-go
to tame those savage sun beastsand become their queen?
How many timeshave you watched this tape?
When you get me a second tape,I'll watch something else.
What am I, made of tapes?
[man] That's the spirit!
[reciting] I suppose the most effectiveway to do it is to do it!
[phone buzzing, meowing]
[sighs] Hello?
How the hell do they expect me to learnfive pages of dialogue in one day?
-What am I, Young Sheldon?-BoJack--
No show should have that much talking.TV is a visual medium.
-Anyway, where the hell are you?-Eden, North Carolina.
Ugh, North Carolina?That's the second worst of the Carolinas.
-You know I'm from here, right?-Yeah, and you got out.
You know what "from" means?
You don't have to be there anymore.That's why they call it "from."
Okay, I'm about to befrom this conversation.
Wait, wait. I'm sorry.Can we just talk about Mr. Peanutbutter?
Why did you cast him on this show?Everybody loves him.
I'm the guy everybody's supposed to love.I'm Philbert.
-Ugh!-So then I got a food truck for the crew
with a big sign that said,"From your favorite star,"
but everybody thoughtit was from Mr. Peanutbutter.
They didn't even read the sign.
BoJack, I'm gonna be back tomorrow.
Do you think you can handle your shituntil then?
Oh, yeah, that sounds like me.What are you doing there anyway?
Just... taking care of some family stuff.
[series theme music playing]
Thanks for coming, all this way.
-We could've just talked on the phone.-I wanted to meet you in person.
That's the Princess Carolyn difference.
Ooh! I've never met a person who hada difference named after them before.
Well, this is important.We're here to talk about your baby.
I know what you're thinking;another dumb teenager,
so liquored up, she forgot to make sureher boyfriend wrapped his tweedle.
Well, that's all true,but I'm not some backwoods hick.
-Oh!-I'm 18, I got my whole life ahead of me,
and it's not like my boyfriend's beggingme to marry him.
Boyfriends rarely do.
-His name's Strib, short for Dennis.-Uh, sure.
He's not exactly the romantic type,
but he's got those eyesyou just can't say no to, you know?
I hope you and Strib havemany happy child-free years, together.
I'm willing to do whatever I canto help contribute to the child-free part.
-Hmm.-[phone buzzing, meowing]
Oh, sorry. It's work.
Everyone I work with is such a baby.
And I love babies![laughs]
Hello, baby.
Hey, listen, I know Flipjust wants me to be "the woman",
and keep my mouth shut,but this show makes no sense.
In the rooftop motorcycle scene,Fritz and Philbert keep saying,
"This is so dangerous.""Yeah, man. We're really dangerous."
But then they just get offthe motorcycles.
Why aren't they skiddingtowards the side of the building,
and then they roll off just as their bikesgo careening over the edge?
Okay, sure, pitch it to Flip.
Everything I pitch, he shoots down.
That's just because it's comingfrom someone who isn't him.
If you want him to like your idea,
just convince himhe thought of it, himself.
You really think he'll do itbecause I say it's his idea?
That's a great idea, Diane.
Oh, thanks! I'm gonna do it.
-So sorry.-No problem.
Um, just so you know, I have met withsome other candidates, mostly couples.
Oh.
I couldn't believe I found someonewho grew up in Eden.
-When's the last time you were here?-Oh, not since my mother died.
-Oh, I'm sorry.-It was a long time ago.
-She's still dead, though.-That is true.
[sipping]
-Sorry we had to meet at Phuzzy's.-I love Phuzzy's.
I bet you got fancy restaurantsin LA, huh?
Probably a California Pizza Kitchenon every corner.
Or do y'all call it "Pizza Kitchen,"since you're in California?
No, we call it "California Pizza Kitchen,"or "CPK."
CPK? What kind of city person's too busyto say "California Pizza Kitchen"?
You gotta catch a bus or something?Stay a while and say the whole name.
Yeah, yeah, well, I'm not like that.
I live in Los Angeles now,but you know what they say,
you can take the girl
out of the Greensboro-High Pointmetropolitan area, but you can't take
the Greensboro-High Pointmetropolitan area out of the girl.
I wish my boyfriend would've takenhis penis out of the girl.
-Meaning, I wish he would've pulled out.-Yeah, no, I got it.
Thank you.
Ooh, have I missed this!
I'm gonna eat the shitout of these hush puppies,
and then tomorrow,I'm getting a real sausage biscuit,
meaning a sausage patty,
not that bullshit link situationthey call "sausage" in LA.
[both laughing]
Oh, my goodness, I gotta pee.I'll be right back.
-[grunts, sighs]-[phone buzzing, meowing]
-Hello?-Princess Carolyn!
I just wanted to tell you what a ballI'm having on this crazy cop show.
Glad to hear it.
And my favorite star paidfor a food truck.
I don't know why Peter Scolari is buyingme a falafel plate,
but, hey, I'm not complaining.
-Did you have a question?-Yeah.
So, I know my ex-wife isin the writers' room.
I don't want to make things weird for heror anybody else, so...
do I have to do all the dialogue,as scripted,
or can I have a little fun with it?
-Um---Normally, I wouldn't even ask,
but because of the whole ex-wifeof it all,
I figured I should just double-checkthat it's definitely okay
if I change every single word.
Knowing Flip,I would just stick to the script.
So, don't flip the script?
-Exactly. Don't flip Flip's script.-That's a double-flip.
So, you're saying I should flip it?
I'm saying the exact opposite.
-So, flip it. Flip it good.-Okay, I gotta go.
You're very funny and talented.Goodbye. Sorry. Show folk.
Well, this was a pleasure.Thanks for coming all this way.
I do hope to make a decision soon.
-Oh, you have to leave already?-Yeah, I gotta go set up my booth.
-Your booth?-At the flea market.
I sell clothes I bought cheapand then bedazzled.
I'm not saying I'm the Danville Targetor nothing,
but it's good enough for fleas.
Okay, call me if you haveany other questions.
I always answer my phone,day or night.
Thanks.
[bell jingles]
-[water dripping]-[grunting, sighs]
Your mom's drunk again, isn't she?
My mom, well, obviously she was planningon cleaning the floors,
but I asked her if I could do it.
I wanna learn all the tricks of the trade,so one day,
I can be as good a housekeeperas she is.
Why do you still live here?
Why don't you go live with your daddown in Raleigh?
All my sisters and brothers are gone.
If I leave, my mom's got nobody.
Besides, if I go,who's going to keep you out of trouble?
Did you know I'm on the football team?
[chuckles] I do know it.Are you ever gonna play?
Probably not, smart-ass.
Not unless the first-string quarterbackgets hurt.
Why aren't youthe first-string quarterback?
You're not evenfirst-string housekeeper!
Well, how about I first-string punch youin the nose?
Oh! Okay, easy, easy.
Look, I think if I just keep my head downand be patient,
Coach will eventually realizeI should be QB one, you know?
That's a terrible approach.
You need to go after what you want.
You gotta fly into that sun,like Amelia Earhart did.
-What?-You know, like in the movie.
I never knew anybody who liked old moviesas much as you do.
You're 18.You never knew anybody, period.
Okay, okay.
But what if I'm not as good a quarterbackas I think I am?
Doesn't matter.You don't need to be good enough.
You just need to convince your coachyou're good enough.
Damn! You know what?
-I'll talk to him tomorrow.-Don't leave until you get that yes.
-[bell jingling]-Oh!
[panting]
-Sadie, wait!-Oh. Um, hey.
Listen, I really want to spend more timegetting to know each other.
This baby, your baby,means everything to me.
I think the more time we spend together,
-you'll realize I'm---[phone meowing]
-Do you need to take that?-No, it's fine. The perfect candidate.
I thought you always answered your phone,day or night.
Right. Hello?
I just got off the phone with Flip.
He's really excited aboutthis new motorcycle stunt he came up with.
-He wants to do it tomorrow, but---That's Flip, full of ideas. Gotta go.
Well, the show is already way over budgetand my boss is starting to ask questions.
Now, normally, I love questionsbecause they're good for pondering,
but I guess in the corporate world,
when people ask questions,they expect someone to answer them.
And, apparently,"Yeah, wow, it really makes you think,"
is not the kind of answerthey're looking for.
Goodbye, Todd.
-Wait, one more thing.-What?
Do you think Lake Erie ever gets jealousof Lake Superior?
Or is it, like, proud to be the eerie one?
We've been through this, Todd.Lakes don't have emotions.
What about Ricki Lake?
As I was saying, I'd love to spendmore time together, if you're up for it.
You mentioned the flea market.I'd love to check it out.
-Yeah, come by anytime tomorrow.-I thought it was today.
No, no. I just have to prep for it today.
But if you can stay another day,that would be awesome.
But only if you can. I know you're busy.
I don't want me, or my baby,to get in the way of your career.
Sadie, I'll be there.
[Sadie grunting]
-[engine starts]-Toodle-oos! [laughs]
-[gasps] Ah! Oh!-[phone dialing]
Stuart, I need you to change my flight.No, just do it through the website.
Yeah, no, go to the websiteand put in my confirmation number.
Hold on, let me see if I can find it.
It's 5-2-1-8.
Change it to a Wednesday flight.
No. Oh, okay, click "yes."Click "yes."
Okay, put in my credit card info.
-I'll text you a picture.-[camera shutter clicks]
-[phone whooshes]-Okay, did you get it?
Check your work email.
Okay, click "accept."Now forward me the confirmation.
Thank you, Stuart.I don't know what I'd do without you.
[deep breath, sighs]
[Cooper humming] Ow!
-Hey.-Hey, yourself.
Well, you've been up to something.
I'm up to something, all right.It's called first-string quarterback!
-[cheering]-Really?
-I didn't leave until I got the yes.-Oh, congratulations! Ah!
-Oh!-Oops. [chuckles]
-Sorry. I got a little carried away there.-That's okay.
-[kisses] Oh!-[gasps]
-Sorry. Sorry.-That's okay.
[both laugh]
[both moaning]
[man on TV] By Jove, she's doing it!She's flying to the sun!
That's where she's going.
Now we don't need to be sadwhen we think about her, later.
-[mom snoring, TV playing]-[switching off TV]
-I'd be careful if I were you.-What do you mean?
Think I don't know what's going on?
-Mom.-Let me tell you something.
Life is a big ol' roulette wheel.
Everyone's got a number.Some are winners, some aren't.
It all dependswhere the little white ball lands.
The problem is when peoplewith losing numbers think they're winners.
I don't know what you're talking about.
-Then what the hell are these?-College brochures. I--
You think you're goingto some fancy college in California,
all the way on the other sideof the country from your mother?
-You're gonna abandon me?-Mom, it's not about you.
UCLA?No, you will not see LA.
Even if you get into one of these places,how're you gonna pay for it?
I'll get a job or a paid internship.
Well, la-di-da, I did not realizeI was in the presence of someone,
-who was gonna get a paid internship.-Mom, you need to go to bed.
See, that's the differencebetween you and me, Princess Carolyn.
I know where I belong.This is my bed.
No, it's not.Where's my bed?
-[phone buzzing, meowing]-[mom, distorted] I know where I belong.
-Hello?-I thought you were gonna be here today.
-Where are you?-Something came up.
Okay, well, listen, Mr. Peanutbutter'sdoing all his own stunts,
and every time he doesa dumb little somersault,
everybody goes nutslike he's goddamn Kerri Strug.
Kerri Strug?You gotta update your references.
When the world seesthe likes of Kerri Strug, again,
I will adjust accordingly.
Anyway, I said I wanted to domy own stunts, too,
but little did I knowthat Flip was writing a new scene,
where a motorcycle falls offa five-story building.
Just say you don't want to do it.
I cannot do thatbecause I already fired my stunt double,
so I also need you to call himand get him back,
and that might be tricky,'cause I was really brutal about it.
-Why?-Because people were watching.
Now I need you to interveneand forbid me from doing my own stunts,
even though I want to,because I actually don't want to,
because that would require me to bein good shape, which we know I'm not,
and also not a coward,which we both know I am.
-BoJack---Also, if you could say
it's because I'm too important a starto take the risk on,
but Mr. Peanutbutter can keep doinghis stunts
because he is less important;that would be real cool, thanks.
Fine, I'll handle it!
Just stop whining like a little bitch!
[laughs]Okay, love you, bitch!
-[beep]-Hey, girl!
Hey! I'm so glad you came.This is my stuff.
-I call it Made-y by Sadie.-Wow!
Problem is got a bunch of lookie-loos.
Everyone's browsing,but no one's buying.
It's not about people buying.it's about you selling.
Watch this.
Whoa!Hey, you can't get that jacket.
-Why not?-I was gonna get it.
It's the best thing in this whole placeand I saw it first.
So, why don't you make like yourselfand flee?
I got it now.Maybe I'm gonna buy it.
-[grunts]-Five dollars.
[gasps] Oh, my God!
Sadie, you can sell anything,
if you just sell people the ideathat they're not being sold to.
Wow!That's pretty manipulative.
But I didn't need tobecause your clothing sells itself.
Hey, I guess you're right.
[groans] My back aches.
-I gotta sit down.-Oh!
-Here.-[bear growls]
Smart move adopting.
Let someone else do all the work, right?[chuckles]
Girl, you do not wanna be pregnant.
Ugh! What am I gonna do?
My life's over.
No! Are you kidding?This is a good thing.
-That boy's stuck with you, now.-Stuck with me?
No, good stuck,like when you try on
your friend's fancy ringand it won't come off.
Now you got a free ring.
You know, Evelyn still expects youto give that ring back.
That sounds like an Evelyn problem.
Meanwhile, that little white roulette balljust landed on your number.
You know the Wallaces are good people.
-They're gonna do right by you.-[sobbing]
No, don't cry. Look.
They're gonna have you moveinto the big house,
probably in the big room.
You know, the one with all the dolls.
And I'll be right up herewhenever you need me.
Hey, I wanna give you this.
Did you steal this from Evelyn, too?
Your... grammy gave me this necklacewhen I first got pregnant.
It's been in our family for generations.
It's from the old country.
And when you wear this,
I want you to remember that you've comefrom a long line of women,
who've taken our licks,but we always land on our feet.
-Don't we?-[grunts]
Now listen to me. This is our shot.
-Don't blow it, okay?-[sniffles] Okay.
[Sadie] Princess Carolyn?
-Yeah.-Would you want to meet my family?
-Of course.-There's a potluck at the church, tonight.
-I love a church potluck!-Oh! What church do you go to in LA?
Oh, uh, St. Mary's Good Shepherdof the Lady... of the Passion...
of the Constant Gardener...of Latter-Day Belle and Sebastian.
You got time for that, but you can't say"California Pizza Kitchen"?
I love church and I love the Lord.
God is my back-door pilot.
I wish Strib was a back-door pilot.
Maybe then I wouldn't be pregnant.[chuckles]
-[whispers] Anal sex.-Got it.
[chatter]
That's my mom. That woman's been bangedmore times than a screen door
during hurricane season.
-Oh!-But I love her.
That's my sister Tanya.
Thinks she's so smart.
If you're so smart, Tanya,
why do you liveon a dry-docked pontoon boat?
-Good one!-She's got a great heart.
And, finally, the cousins.I've slept with all of them.
-Wow!-I'm just kidding.
-I'm from North Carolina, not Tennessee.-[laughing]
Hope you like ambrosia, since everyonebrought the exact same dish; ambrosia.
Ah, it's beautiful out here.
Look at all those stars!
-You don't have stars in LA?-Not like these.
Too much light pollution.
And heavy pollution.
[Princess Carolyn shivering]
[sighs]My dad's ready to see you.
[sighs]
-We better not.-[groans]
[Mr. Wallace clearing throat]
Oh, I gotta tell you, when my idiot sontold me he'd knocked up the help, I...
Let me try that again.
Princess Carolyn,we're going to do the right thing, here.
You'll have a lovely weddingbefore you start to show.
If it's a girl, we'll name her Dorothyafter my mother.
Of course, if it's a boy, he'll bethe third Cooper Thomas Rogers Wallace,
so you'll call him Cooper III,or Cooper Three, Trip, Trey or Lil' Coop.
You'll join the Junior League,maybe sing in the Follies.
Mrs. Wallace will teach youhow to play bridge
and destroy other families' social statusthrough indelicate gossip.
-Oh...-We'll go to Hilton Head every summer
and take a photo of all of us on the beachwearing khaki and white.
This will be our Christmas card.
Inside, it will say "Merry Merry"or "Seasons Greetings,"
so as not to alienate our friendsof other faiths,
but we'll know it's Christmas.
Princess Carolyn, I know you're scared,
but I promise you,you've got a great life ahead of you.
No worries, no tough choicesand no money troubles,
thanks to the Wallace and SonsAnswering Machine Tape empire.
Yes, as long as people need answeringmachine tapes, you will be taken care of.
-Sound good?-Yes.
Ah, ah, ah. Wait for the beep.
Sound good? Beep!
-Yes, sir.-[phone buzzing, meowing]
[back to present time] Hello?
Princess Carolyn,there's been an accident.
BoJack's hurt real bad.
Ow! I'm in so much pain.
I'm like Kerri Strug over here.
Where's my big Russian guy?
What happened?
-He fell off a building is what happened.-Oh!
Are you okay?
I mean, I know you're not okay, okay,but you're okay, right?
Why did you let him do his own stunts?
-That was today?-Of course it was today.
I put a sticky on your day pageat our sister site
WhatDateIsItRightNow.net.
-Oh!-Do you even check your day page?
Every part of me hurts.Sartre was wrong.
Physical pain is so much worsethan prolonged emotional distress.
What a hack!
We're supposed to be shooting, all week.You're behind schedule and over budget.
I'm sending you the numberof a specialist.
He can fix BoJack upand inject him full of enough pep
to keep things togetheruntil end of production.
-Sadie!-[mother] No, no, no, no, Strib!
[sister] Go away!
-So I call this number---[phone beeps]
Strib, what are you doing here?
I mean, I guess I was wrong, maybe.Maybe you don't give the baby away.
Like, maybe keep it.I mean, I guess I could marry you.
Have a family and stuff. I don't know!
A grand gesture?This is like a fairy tale!
Strib, I can't do this again.
-Come on. I love you or whatever.-Go to him, Sadie. He loves you.
Don't listen to her, Sadie.She lives in a pontoon boat.
Y'all gonna be beggin' for a ridewhen the flood comes.
-Oh, my God.-Somebody gotta get him outta here.
-[people arguing]-Hey! Sadie? Sadie.
[voices overlapping]
You blew it!We were this close, and you blew it.
-[sighs] Mom.-What the hell happened?
You eat a pineapple or something?Put something up there you shouldn't have?
No. It just--I don't know, it just happened.
Miscarriages don't "just happen."This was our ticket.
That baby would've changedeverything for us.
[sobs] I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry!
[sighs] It's not your fault.
We just got losing numbers.
Well, maybe Cooper will marry me, anyway?
Oh, sweetie, you've been watchingtoo many of those old movies.
Coopers don't marry gals like you.
He's gonna end up with some fancy heiress,like Samantha Floppy-Disk.
Besides, you don't want that life.
-You're free now.-Free to do what?
I wasn't gonna tell you,but this came in the mail.
[gasps]
[phone buzzing, meowing]
-Hello?-I guess you heard about BoJack?
-Yeah.-This is all my fault.
I thought the stunt was Flip's idea.
Well, no, I just convinced himit was his idea.
That's not what I heard.I heard it was Flip's idea.
-Right, but that's just---It was Flip's idea.
How are you not getting this?
Do you only seem smartbecause you wear glasses?
[sighs] Okay, it was Flip's idea.
Great. I'll see you tomorrow.
-Hey.-Hey.
Listen, I've known me some Stribs.A little sweet, a little dangerous.
But the second things get complicated,he'll run away.
-You don't know my Strib.-But I know you. And you are too special
to settle for the first guywho rolls up on a motorcycle
and says, [drawls]"I love you or whatever."
Well, I haven't decidedwhat I'm gonna do yet anyway.
You're a bright girl,and you've got an incredible future.
Let me ask you something.Did you really like the clothes I made?
Of course I did.
Then why didn't you buy anythingfor yourself?
-Sadie...-You're bullshitting me.
-This is just another sale for you.-No.
You think I'm stupid,but I've been watching you bullshit,
everyone on that phone of yours.
I want to give your baby the best life,the best schools, the best opportunities--
You think, because you left her,you're better.
Because of your fancy show business,you can take whatever you want.
-No, no, no, you don't understand.-Well, I got something you can't have,
and no amount of your managingor producing is gonna change that.
I just want to help you.I want to give your baby a better life.
Better than what?
Better than a sky fulla stars?
[sighs]
[deep breath] Okay, Sadie,you do whatever you want.
You want to keep the baby,
you want to give the babyto someone else, fine.
Just do, what you want to do.
Don't live your life for Strib,or this baby, or anybody else.
-I know that.-Okay. Good.
-Thank you.-I mean it.
[sign grinds]
-[phone buzzing, meowing]-Hello?
So, I just got the word from Sadie.
-She's gonna keep looking.-Okay.
Ugh! I'm sorry.This is the hardest part of my job,
when I have to lie to the clientsand tell them it's not their fault.
-Thank you, Tracy.-It's not your fault.
-Goodbye, Tracy.-[phone beeps]
[sighs]
-[chattering]-[planes landing and taking off]
[phone buzzing, meowing]
BoJack, I am so sorry.This was all my fault.
Uh, it's your fault I feel amazing?
I don't know what that doctor gave me,
but, man, you should leave townmore often.
Hey, quick question... is this a train?
I'm on my way home.
I'll come check on youas soon as I get there.
Hey, I'm golden. Let me tell you.
You accidentally drive a motorcycleoff a building,
and suddenlyyou are everybody's favorite guy.
We did it, Princess Carolyn. Back on top!
-[phone beeps]-[sighs]
[announcer] Flight 29 to Los Angeles,say your goodbyes.
-This is the final call for boarding.-[mom grunts]
Okay. Bye, Mom. Ooh!
Hey, I got a nutty idea.What if you deferred for a year?
Mom, I-I can't do that.
Of course you could.Los Angeles isn't going nowhere.
Just another year.
By that time, Boots will be out of rehab,and he can come home, and help out.
-Just wait until then.-Mom, please.
A year. You'll hardly notice it.
-No, Mom. I gotta go.-Please?
Can't you just do this one thing for me?
I'm sorry, Mom.




Season 5 ep. 6
















[wind blowing]
[shuddering]
-[vehicle approaching]-[grunting]
-[panting]-[tires screech]
Yes, yes, I see you. Get in. Get in.
[music playing over radio]
Your mother's having another oneof her episodes.
Last night, she went to see A Doll's House
with a couple girlfriends,and now she has ideas.
I emerged from my sanctum, this afternoon,
to discover that not only had shenot made me lunch,
which is a meal I need in order to live,
but she'd furthermore, locked herselfin the bedroom to weep... loudly.
Now, it's one thing for a woman to weep,
but when they do it at such a volumeyou can hear it through the door,
then you know they're doing itjust for the attention.
Anyway, I was able to cobble togethera sandwich for myself,
so, I'm the real hero of the story.
-[horn honking]-[tires screeching]
It was a couple hours later
when I realized I was on a good runwith my novel.
I had this really interesting sentencethat kept going for pages and pages,
and I thought about how rare it isto really get in the groove like that.
How, most days, I can't concentrate
because my idiot childis blasting the television,
and it suddenly dawned on me;hot cock on a rock,
she never even picked upthe little noise and snot factory!
[tires screech, horn honking]
So, here I am, being your mother,
which I know is giving you all sortsof mixed-up ideas about gender,
while your brainis still loose and stupid.
Just remember,
if you become a queer later in life,this isn't my fault!
Don't you sing no songs in your nightclubact called, "My Daddy was My Mommy,"
while gazing longinglyat a tangled string of pearls.
Pearls are for ladies, BoJack.
Pearls are for ladies.
You know Sunday is my writing day.
Sundays are the one daythat are just for me and my craft,
and still, you and the black holethat birthed you
conspire to ruin it for me.
What am I supposed to do now?Just go back to writing?
I'm out of the zone now,the whole day's shot!
All because of youand that brittle wisp of a woman
you made the mistakeof making your mother.
[sighs] No. It's not her fault.
She's doing the best she can, after all.
It's just that...you can't depend on women.
You can't depend on anyone.
Sooner or later, you need to learn
that no one elseis gonna take care of you.
That's what I learnedwhen I had to make my own sandwich.
You can't rely on other people, BoJack.
It's good for you to know that.
And she's a good motherfor teaching you that.
You've got a head start on most kids.
You're actually very lucky.
[music continues over radio]
Thaaaaank youuuuu?
[theme music playing]
So, I stopped at a Jack in the Box,on the way here,
and the girl behind the counter said,"Hiya! Are you having an awesome day?"
Not, "How are you doing today?"No. "Are you having an awesome day?"
Which is pretty shitty because it putsthe onus on me to disagree with her,
like if I'm not having an "awesome day,"suddenly I'm the negative one.
Usually, when people ask how I'm doing,the real answer is I'm doing shitty,
but I can't say I'm doing shitty
because I don't have a good reasonto be doing shitty.
So if I say, "I'm doing shitty,"then they say, "Why? What's wrong?"
And I have to be like,"I don't know, all of it?"
So instead, when people ask how I'm doing,I usually say, "I am doing so great."
But when this girl at the Jack in the Boxasked me if I was having an awesome day,
I thought, well, todayI'm actually allowed to feel shitty,
today I have a good reason,so I said to her, "Well, my mom died."
And she immediately burst into tears.
So, now I have to comfort her,which is annoying,
and meanwhile, there's a lineof people forming behind me,
who are all giving methese real judgy looks
because I madethe Jack in the Box girl cry.
And she's bawling, and she's saying,"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry,"
and I'm like, "It's fine. It's fine.
I mean, it's not fine,but, you know, it's... fine.
And I would like to ordera Double Jack Meal,
and I've kinda got somewhere to be,
so maybe less with the cryingand more with the frying, huh?"
[inhales] And the girl apologizes, again,
and she offers me a free churrowith my meal.
And as I'm leaving,I think, "I just got a free churro
because my mom died."
No one ever tells you when your mom dies,you get a free churro.
[people murmuring]
[clears throat] Anyway, I'm sorry,
that's not part of the...[clears throat] All right.
Okay, here we go. Let's do this.
Here I am, BoJack Horseman,doing a eulogy, let's go.
Hey, piano man,can I get like a, like an organ flourish?
[organ plays]
Nicely done.You know, I was a little worried
I wouldn't have the rightaccompaniment today.
I guess it's a good thing my momwas an organ donor!
[rimshot plays]
-What happened to the organ?-[horn "oogahs"]
Why don't you leavethe comedy to the professionals?
Okay? This is a funeral, sir,for my mother.
Can you show a little respect?
[trumpet whines]
I'll take it.
Beatrice Horseman, who was she?What was her deal?
Well, she was a horse.
Uh, she was born in 1938.She died in 2018.
One time, she went to a parade,
and one time, she smokedan entire cigarette in one long inhale.
I watched her do it.
Truly a remarkable woman.
[rustling]
Lived a full life, that lady.
Just, all the way to the end,which is, uh, now, I guess.
Really makes you think, though, huh?
Life, right? Goes by, stuff happens.Then you die.
Well, that's my time,you've been great! Tip your waitress!
No, I'm just kidding around,there's no waitress.
That's all I have to say about my mother.
No point beating a dead horse, right?
So... [inhales] Now what?I don't know, Mom, you got any ideas?
Anything?
Mom?
No?
Nothing to contribute?Knock once if you're proud of me.
Can I just say how amazing it isto be in a room with my mother,
and I can just talk without her telling meto shut up and make her a drink?
Hey, Mom. Knock onceif you think I should shut up.
No? You sure?
I mean, I don't want to embarrass you,by making this eulogy into a me-logy,
so, seriously,if you wanted me to sit down
and let someone else talk, just knock.I will not be offended.
No? Your funeral.
Sorry about the closed casket, by the way.
She wanted an open casket,
but, you know, she's dead now,so who cares what she wanted?
No, that sounds bad. I'm sorry.
I think that if she could've seenwhat she looked like dead,
she'd agree it's better this way.She looked like this.
-[groaning]-[mourners gasping]
Kinda like a pissed-off toy dinosaur.The coroner couldn't get her eyes closed.
So, now her face is forever frozen
in a mask of tremendous horrorand anguish.
Or as my mom called it, Tuesday!
Tuesday! My mom called it Tuesday.
[woman coughs]
Hey, Mom, what did you think of that joke?You like that?
[woman coughs]
You never did care for my comedy.
[clears throat]
Here's a story.
When I was a teenager,
I performed a comedy routinefor my high school talent show.
There was this cool jacketthat I wanted to wear
because it would make melook like Albert Brooks.
For months, I saved up for this jacket,
but when I finally had enough,I went to the store and it was gone.
They had just sold it to someone else.So, I went home and I told my mother.
She said, "Let that be a lesson.
That's the goodthat comes from wanting things."
She was really goodat dispensing life lessons,
that always seemed to circle backto everything being my fault.
But then, on the day of the talent show,my mother had a surprise for me.
She had bought me the jacket.
Even though she didn't know how to say it,I knew this meant that she loved me.
Now, that's a good story about my mother.
It's not true,but it's a good story, right?
I stole it from an episode of Maude I sawwhen i was a kid,
where she talks about her father.
I remember when I saw it,thinking that's the kind of story
I want to tellabout my parents when they die.
But I don't have any stories like that.
All I know about being goodI learned from TV.
And in TV, flawed charactersare constantly showing people they care
with these surprising grand gestures.
And I think that part of mestill believes that's what love is.
But in real life,the big gesture isn't enough.
You need to be consistent,you need to be dependably good.
You can't just screw everything up,and then take a boat out into the ocean
to save your best friend,or solve a mystery, and fly to Kansas.
You need to do it every day,which is so... hard.
When you're a kid, you convince yourself
that maybe the grand gesturecould be enough.
That even though your parentsaren't what you need them to be,
over and over and over again,
at any moment they might surprise you,with something... wonderful.
I kept waiting for that, the proof,
that even though my motherwas a hard woman,
deep down, she loved meand cared about me
and wanted me to know
that I made her lifea little bit brighter.
Even now, I find myself waiting.
Hey, Mom, knock once if you love meand care about me,
and want me to know I made your lifea little bit brighter.
[owl chirping]
My mother did not go gentleinto that good night.
She went clawing and fightingand thrashing, hence the face.
-[groaning]-[mourners gasping]
If you'd seen her,
I swear to God the only thingyou'd be thinking about right now
is that I am nailing this impression.
-[woman clears her throat]-[chairs squeak]
I was in the hospital with herthose last moments,
and they were truly horrifying,full of nonsensical screams and cries,
but there was this moment,this one instant of strange calm,
where she looked in my directionand said, "I see you."
That's the last thing she said to me."I see you."
Not a statement of judgmentor disappointment, just acceptance
and the simple recognitionof another person in a room.
"Hello, there. You are a person.And I see you."
Let me tell you,
it's a weird thing to feelat 54 years old,
that for the first time in your lifeyour mother sees you.
It's an odd realization that it'sthe thing you've been missing,
the only thing you wanted all along,to be seen.
And it doesn't feel like a relief,to finally be seen.
It feels mean, like,
"Oh, it turns out that you knewwhat I wanted,
and you waited until the very last momentto give it to me."
I was prepared for more cruelty.
I was sure that she would getin one final zinger,
about how I let her down,and about how I was fat and stupid,
and too tall to bean effective Lindy-hopper.
How I was needy and a burdenand an embarrassment.
All that I was ready for.I was not ready for "I see you."
Only my mother would be lousy enoughto swipe me
with a moment of connectionon her way out.
But maybe I'm giving her too much credit.Maybe it wasn't about connection.
Maybe it was a... Maybe it wasan "I see you," like, "I see you."
Like, "You might have the restof the world fooled,
but I know exactly who you are."
That's more my mom's speed.
Or maybe she just literally meant"I see you.
You are an objectthat has entered my field of vision."
She was out of it at the end,so maybe it's dumb
to try to attribute it to anything.
-[woman sighs]-Back in the 90s,
I was in a very famous TV Showcalled Horsin' Around.
-[man coughs]-Please hold your applause.
And I remember one time, a fan asked me,
"Hey, um, you know that episode
where the horse has to give Ethana pep talk,
after Ethan finds out his crushonly asked him to the dance
because her friends were havinga dorkiest date contest?
In all the shots of the horse,
you can see a paper coffee cupon the kitchen counter,
but in the shots of Ethan,the coffee cup's missing.
Was that because the showwas making a statement,
about the fluctuant subjectivity of memory
and how even two peoplecan experience the same moment
in entirely different ways?
And I didn't have the heart to be, like,
"No, man, some crew guyjust left their coffee cup in the shot."
So instead, I was, like... "Yeah."
And maybe this is like that coffee cup.
Maybe, we're dumb to try to pinsignificance onto every little thing.
Maybe, when someone says,"I see you," it just means, "I see you."
Then again, it's possibleshe wasn't even talking to me.
Because, if I'm being honest,she wasn't really looking at me,
she was looking past me.There was nobody else in the room.
I think she was talking to me,but, honestly,
she was so far gone at that point,who knows what she was seeing.
Who were you talking to, Mom?
[sighs]
Not saying, huh? Staying mum?
No rimshot there?
God, whatever I'm paying you,it's too much.
Maybe, she saw my dad.
My dad died about ten years agoof injuries he sustained during a duel.
When your father dies,you ask yourself a lot of questions.
Questions like,"Wait, did you say he died in a duel?"
and "Who dies in a duel?"
The whole thing was so stupid.
Dad spent his entire lifewriting this book,
but he couldn't get any storesto carry it,
or any newspapers to review it.
Finally, I guess this one newspaperthought he was pretty hilarious,
because they ran a reviewand tore him to shreds.
So, my father, ever the Proud Mary,
decided he would not standfor this besmirchment of his honor.
He claimed the critic didn't understandwhat it meant to be a man,
so he demanded satisfactionin the form of pistols at dawn.
He wrote the paper, this letter,saying anyone who didn't like his book,
he would challenge to a duel,anyone in the world.
He'd even pay for airfareto San Francisco and a night in a hotel.
Well, eventually this found its wayto some kook in Montana,
who was as batshit as he wasand took him up on the offer.
They met at Golden Gate Park and agreed:ten paces, then shoot.
But in the middle of the ten paces,
Dad turned to ask the guy if he'd actuallyread the book and what he thought,
but, not looking where he was going,
tripped over an exposed rootand bashed his head on a rock.
[murmur]
I wish I'd known to goto Jack in the Box then.
I could have gotten a free churro.It would've been nice
to have something to show for beingthe son of Butterscotch Horseman.
My darling mother gave the eulogy.
My entire life I never heard her saya kind word to or about my father,
but at his funeral she said,
"My husband is dead,and everything is worse now."
[clearing throat]
"My husband is dead,and everything is worse now."
I don't know why she said that.Maybe she felt that's the kind of thing
you're supposed to say at a funeral.
Maybe she hoped one daysomeone would say that about her.
"My mother is dead,and everything is worse now."
Or maybe she knewthat he had frittered away
all her inheritance,and replaced it with crippling debt,
which is a pretty shitty thingto leave your widow with.
"Bad news, you lost a husband,but don't worry, you also lost the house!"
Maybe Mom knew she'd have to sellall her fancy jewelry
and move into a home.
Maybe that's what she meant by"everything is worse."
Is that what you meant, Mom?
I gotta say,I'm really carrying this double act.
At least with Penn and Teller,the quiet one does card tricks.
Hey, piano man,when I say something funny to my mom,
how about you give me a rimshot?
-[rimshot plays]-Yeah, but not now.
When I say something funny. Like, okay.
What's the difference between my motherand a disruptive expulsion of germs?
One's a coughin' fitand the other fits a coffin!
-That's an example of a funny thing.-[rimshot plays]
Thank you. Let's try again.
Hey, Mom. What's the difference betweenmy mother and a bunch of Easter eggs?
One gets carried in a basket,the other gets buried in a casket!
-[rimshot plays]-Ready for one more? Last one.
What's the differencebetween a first-year lit major
and my mother, Beatrice Horseman?
One is decently read,and the other's a huge bitch!
-[woman gasps]-[murmers]
Might have gone a little too farwith that one.
That one might have been a little too"my mom's a huge bitch" for the room.
I'm sorry, Mother.You're not a huge bitch.
You were a huge bitch...and now you're dead.
[woman sighs]
You know, the first time I ever performedin front of an audience,
it actually was, uh, with my mom.
She used to put on these shows,with her supper club in the living room,
and she used to make... [inhales]
She used to make me sing"The Lollipop Song."
[organ playing tune]
Those parties, they were really something.
There were skits and magic acts,
and ethnically insensitivevaudeville routines,
and the big finalewas always a dance my mother did.
She had this beautiful dress that she onlybrought out for these parties,
and she did this incredible number.
It was so beautiful and sad.
Dad hated the parties.He'd lock himself in the study,
and bang on the wallsfor us to keep it down,
but he always came out to see Mom dance.
He'd linger in the doorway,scotch in hand,
and watch in awe, as this cynical,
despicable woman he married...took flight.
And as a child who was completelyterrified of both my parents,
I was always awarethat this moment of grace,
it meant something.
We understood each other, in a way.
Me and my mom and my dad,as screwed up as we all were,
we did understand each other.
My mother, she knewwhat it's like to feel your entire life
like you're drowningwith the exception of these moments,
these very rare, brief instances,
in which you suddenly remember...you can swim.
[flashback]
[partygoers laughing]
[classical music playing]
But, then again, mostly not.Mostly you're drowning.
She understood that too.
And she recognized that I understood it.And Dad.
All three of us were drowning,and we didn't know how to save each other,
but there was an understandingthat we were all drowning together.
I would like to thinkthat's what she meant
when we were in the hospitaland she said, "I see you."
The weird thingabout both your parents being dead
is it means that you're next.
I mean, you know, obviously it's notlike there's a wait list for dying.
Any one of us could get run overby a Snapchatting teen at any moment.
And you would think that knowing thatwould make us more adventurous,
and kind, and forgiving.
But it makes us small,and stupid, and petty.
I actually had a near-death experience,recently.
A stunt went badand I fell off a building.
I'm an actor. I do my own stunts.
I'm on this new show Philbert.I'm Philbert. Star of the show.
It hasn't come out yet,but it's already getting Emmy buzz.
Oh, speaking of buzz...[inhales]
I've to taketwo of these every morning,
but my days are so screwed up'cause of the shooting schedule,
I don't even knowwhat morning means anymore.
There's a joke in there somewhere,
about a guywho's been to so many funerals,
he doesn't even knowwhat mourning means anymore.
Let you guys figure that one outfor yourselves. [gulps]
Anyway, you know what I thought...
when I was falling off the buildingand I went into panic mode?
The last thing that my stupid braincould come up with before I died?
"Won't they be sorry."
-Cool thought, brain.-[rimshot plays]
No, that wasn't...
Would you just... Dial it back, all right?
I don't even know what "they"I wanted to be sorry.
My mom, even before she died,could barely remember who I was.
And of course, my dad's dead.
The last conversation I ever had with himwas about his novel.
He was so certainthis book was his legacy.
Maybe he thought it would vindicate him
for all the shitty things he ever didin his stupid worthless life.
Maybe it did. I don't know.I never read it.
Because why would I give him that?
I used to be on this TV showcalled Horsin' Around.
Seriously, hold your applause.
-[man coughs]-Well held.
It was written by my friend Herb Kazzaz,who's also dead now,
and it starred this little girlnamed Sarah Lynn.
And it was about these orphans.And early on, the network had a note,
"Maybe don't mentionthey're orphans,
because audiences tendto find orphans sad and not relatable."
I never thought the orphans were sad.
I always thought they were lucky
because they could imagine their parentsto be anything they wanted.
They had something to long for.
Anyway, we did this one season finale,where Olivia's birth mother comes to town.
And she was a junkie,but she's gotten herself cleaned up,
and she wants to bein Olivia's life again.
And of course, she's like a perfectgrown-up version of Olivia,
and they go to the mall together
and get her ears pierced,like she's always wanted and--
Sorry, spoiler alert for the season sixfinale of Horsin' Around,
if you're still workingyour way through it.
Anyway, the horse triesto warn her, "Be careful,
moms have a way of letting you down."
But Olivia just thinksthe horse is jealous,
and when the mom saysshe's moving to California,
Olivia decides to go with her.
And the network really juicedthe cliffhanger:
''Is Olivia gone for good?''
But of course, because it's a TV show,she was not gone for good.
Of course, because it's a TV show,
Olivia's mother had a relapseand had to go back to rehab,
so Olivia had to hitchhikeall the way home,
getting rides from Mr. T,Alf, and the cast of Stomp.
Of course that's what happened.
Because, what are you gonna do,just not have Olivia on the show?
You can't have happy endings in sitcoms,not really,
because, if everyone's happy,the show would be over,
and above all else,the show... has to keep going.
There's always more show.
And you can call Horsin' Around dumb,or bad, or unrealistic,
but there is nothing more realisticthan that.
You never get a happy ending,'cause there's always more show.
I guess until there isn't.
[chuckles]
My mom would hate it if she knewthat I spent so much time at her funeral
talking about my old TV show.
Or maybe she'd think it was funnythat her idiot son
couldn't even do this right. Who knows?
She left no instructionsfor what she wanted me to say.
All I know is she wanted an open casket,
and her idiot soncouldn't even do that right.
I'll stand up here and pretend
I understoodhow to please that woman,
even though so much of my life has beenwasted in vain attempts to figure it out.
But I keep going back to that momentin the ICU when she looked at me, and...
"I-C-U."
"I... see... you."
Jesus Christ,we were in the intensive care unit.
She was just reading a sign.
My mom died and all I gotwas this free churro.
You know the shittiest thingabout all of this?
Is when that stranger behind the countergave me that free churro,
that small act of kindnessshowed more compassion
than my mother gave meher entire goddamn life.
Like, how hard is it to do something nicefor a person?
This woman at the Jack in the Boxdidn't even know me.
I'm your son.
All I had was you!
[inhales]
I have this friend.
And right around when I first met her,
her dad died, and I actually went with herto the funeral.
And months later, she told methat she didn't understand
why she was still upset,because she never even liked her father.
It made sense to me, because I wentthrough the same thing when my dad died.
And I'm going through the same thing now.You know what it's like?
It's like that show Becker,you know, with Ted Danson?
I watched the entire run of it,
hoping that it would get better,and it never did.
It had all the right pieces, but it just--It couldn't put them together.
And when it got canceled,
I was really bummed out,not because I liked the show,
but because I knew it could beso much better,
and now it never would be.And that's what losing a parent is like.
It's like Becker.
Suddenly, you realize you'll never havethe good relationship you wanted,
and as long as they were alive,even though you'd never admit it,
part of you,the stupidest goddamn part of you,
was still holding on to that chance.
And you didn't even realize ituntil that chance went away.
"My mother is dead,and everything is worse now."
Because now I knowI will never have a mother
who looks at me from across a roomand says,
"BoJack Horseman, I see you."
But I guess it's good to know.
It's good to knowthat there is nobody looking out for me,
that there never was,and there never will be.
No, it's good to know that I amthe only one that I can depend on.
And I know that now and it's good.It's good that I know that.
So... it's good my mother is dead.
[gulps, sighs]
Well. No point beating a dead horse.
Beatrice Horseman was born in 1938,
and she died in 2018,and I have no idea... what she wanted.
Unless she just wanted what we all want...
to be seen.
[slurps]
[blows nose]
Is this Funeral Parlor B?
[funeral music]




Season 5 ep. 7
















-[watch ticking]-[woman humming]
-I know, I know.-I'm just glad you showed up.
The waitstaff was startingto get suspicious.
See? I'm not a liar! I do have a wife!
-All right. You're trying to embarrass me.-And I did. And now I'm fine.
-Hi, you.-Hi, you. [kisses]
Long day at the office?
-I lost them, Indira.-No.
In all my years of corporate mediation,
I've never been unable to resolvea dispute before it goes to arbitration.
I'm Mary-Beth, the Mediating Maven.
I'm sure you helped themin ways you'll never even know.
-I-- Don't therapize me.-[chuckles] But you're so easy!
You make me feel likeI'm actually good at it.
What's going on with you?
-It's been a tough week.-Tell me.
Mm...
-I shouldn't talk about my clients.-Come on.
What if you changed all the namesand identifying characteristics?
Okay. This is a story about...
Bo... Bo... BoBo, the Angsty Zebra.
[theme music playing]
-[writing]-[Indira] So, it all started on Monday.
I was in a session with Diane--
...a! Diana.
[Mary-Beth] Like Diana,Princess of Whales?
[Indira] Exactly.
It's just so toughbeing Princess of Whales.
Like, I can't be all things to all whales.
-You're deflecting.-I'm not!
Let's talk about the BoBo tape.
What's the BoBo tape?
She recently came into possessionof an audiotape
of her friend and co-worker,BoBo, the Angsty Zebra.
[BoBo] On the boat. There was a girl.In New Mexico.
And she trusted me. Also, I'm a zebra.
-What girl is he talking about?-I don't know.
"Girl" sounds young, right? [scoffs]Whatever it is, it's gotta be bad,
because, otherwise,why wouldn't he tell me?
Diana, you are not responsiblefor the dysfunction of others.
I actually explore this in my book,
Are You ResponsibleFor The Dysfunction of Others?
Spoiler alert: You're not!
I just wish I could talk to him about it,but he's like an open sore.
Attention! As some of youmight have heard, my mom died recently.
I know you're very concerned,
but I wanna let you knowit will not affect my work.
I'm here, and I'm doing fine.I just want to focus on the show.
So, please treat this like any other day,and be extra-nice to me
because I am a famous actor,not because my mom died.
[all murmuring]
Thank you. Good.
Yes, that's what I'm looking for.Just go about your business.
That's good 'cause I don't want to talkabout my mom.
Hmm. [grunts]
-Hey. Did you hear my mom died?-Yeah. But you don't wanna talk about it.
No. Pretty weird she died, though, huh?
-Do you want to talk about it?-No. I'm just saying it's weird.
-BoBo. I am so sorry.-And I so don't wanna talk about it.
Obsessed with my mom much?You're the one with issues.
Uh...
I feel like he wants me to comfort him,but I'm still angry.
Maybe you could both use some spacefrom each other.
Why don't you tell him you needto focus on your work?
What work?Flippy won't let me do anything.
[dolphin voice]
Flippy? Are you okay?
[squeaking]
Hey, what are we filming today?Why is there a submarine set?
[squeaking continues]
[Diana] Interior sub?
Why didn't you just write "way"?
Okay. So, now we just needto come up with a scene
that takes place in a submarine.
Okay.
-Ah!-Did you hear my mom died?
[Indira] How about this?If he wants to talk,
and you aren't can't confront him,
tell him your therapist saysyou need space.
That's where I went wrong.I inserted myself into her story.
Don't beat yourself up.Remember what Doctor Janet said?
[bells in accordance to stick]
Tell me about your day.You had a tough workplace mediation?
Whoo! The problem with these twois they don't just work together.
They also live together.
[grunting]
What a beautiful morning!
[Indira] Wait, wait,, wait. Hold on.
If your story can have Princess Diana,why can't mine have Emperor Finger-Face?
It's not actually Princess Diana.She's just named Diana.
I've been picturing Princess Diana.
Okay, fine. Tell me what happenedwith Emperor Finger-Face.
He lived in the same apartmentas a Tangled Fog of Pulsating Yearning
in the shape of a woman.
Good morning, Emperor Finger-Face!
Good morning to you,Tangled Fog of Pulsating Yearning!
-See you tonight?-Afternoon.
I wanna talk to you,so I set a meeting through your assistant.
-Have you seen my keys?-Butter tray in the fridge.
I think I put them thereduring one of my night terrors.
I don't have time to go to the kitchen.I'll just hotwire my car.
-Hey, did you eat breakfast?-No time for meals.
I just grab whatever I can,whenever I can.
Hold on.
I know you're a gal on the go,
but even tangled fogs of pulsatingyearning need to eat right.
I'll get something on set.
Pinky swear? [horn] Ow! I poked my face!
I feel I'm having a hard timefollowing the story
because of how weirdyou made the characters.
The important thing is that these twohave been living together
for almost a year with virtually no drama.
In some ways, it's the most functionalrelationship either have ever been in!
Oh, okay. I guess that's not that weird.
Great! Now, back to the storyof the fog and the hand!
-So. What can I do you for?-I have no workspace on set.
I was hoping we could allocate some moneyto get me an office.
Oh, look, here's the exact paperworkyou need all filled out and ready to go.
-Okay.-Just needs your signature.
-Let me retrieve my pen.-Marvelous!
Yep, I am currently gripping my peninside my jacket.
Now to just pull it outand sign this document.
Just goes to show,
you get what you needif you pull the right strings.
Strings?
-[gasps] It was you!-What was me?
The last string cheese in the apartment,I was saving it. And you took it!
And now you want me to give you an office?
What?! I didn't take your cheese.
Uh-oh, are we havinga work-related conflict?
This feels like more of ayou-crashing-on-my-couch-related conflict.
When I started here,I signed a contract that said,
all intra-office disputesmust be resolved via mediation,
or failing that, forced arbitration.
Ugh!
So, then I-- You're not eating.
I just-- I keep thinkingabout BoBo the Zebra.
Okay, what happened next with BoBo?
Well, he wanted to get back to work,
but since Flippy had writer's block,there was nothing for the actors to do.
How is there nothing to shoot?
So, what, I just have to wait around,and be alone with my thoughts? Gross.
When I was on The Murder-Stoppers.we had to shut down production
because Nick Nolte wouldn't come outof his trailer.
He wasn't even on the show!He was in one of our trailers,
-and we couldn't get him out!-Is it hard to write a script, Gino?
"Oh, I'm Philbert, bang, bang.I'm a tough guy.
My wife is dead! Did I kill her?Who knows? I'm cool."
That was pretty good.Can we just roll on that?
When there's something to shoot,we'll shoot.
Meanwhile, you wanna go bang one outin your trailer? I'll get my diaphragm.
Nah, I'd just be thinking aboutmy dead mom the whole time,
which would either ruin it or--
Oh, God, what if it makes it better?I don't wanna know that.
-You want me to just get you some pie?-No.
-Yes.-Okay, big guy.
[BoBo sighs]
-[sympathetic voice] Hey, buddy.-Hey, Mr. Chocolate-Hazelnut-Spread.
Really sorry about your mom.
No, it's fine. I'm fine. It's really fine.
It must be so hard to lose a loved one.I, for one, never have.
You've never lost a loved one?
-When my mom got old, she moved to a farm.-What?
In the country, where she could haveplenty of room to run free.
Why would she wanna run aroundif she's old?
You know,I never really questioned the logic.
My brother set it up.I haven't been able to visit,
but everyone in my familygoes to that farm eventually.
-Oh, dude, your mom's dead.-What? No. She's at a farm.
After a prolonged bout of Parkinson's.A farm.
Where they don't have telephones,or the internet, and... Oh, my God.
She's dead. My mom is dead!
-[sobbing]-Whoa!
[BoBo groans]
Oh, there... There, there.
[Flippy squeaking]
-What's going on with this submarine?-My therapist doesn't want me
talking to you!
-What?-My therapist, Dr. Indira,
says it would be goodif you gave me some space.
-Why would she say that?-Don't know. I'm just the client.
-Her call, not mine. I should go.-Uh...
Everybody? My dear motherhas transcended this plane.
-[all] Aw.-I am incredibly fragile
and could use all the support I can get,
so if everyone could paya lot of attention to me,
and ask me a lot of questionsabout my mother,
and maybe tell me storiesabout your mothers,
I think that would really make mefeel a lot better.
Sure, Mr. Chocolate-Hazelnut-Spread!
-[man] So sorry for your loss.-This is a very healthy way to grieve.
-[applause]-Ugh.
So, a brief recapitulation:
this is not a roomfor repudiation or condemnation
over string cheeseappropriation accusations.
Mediation is an invitationfor open conversation,
frustration de-escalation,and exchange of information,
which, in summation,
removes any justification for litigationinvolving this corporation.
Nobody was going to litigate anything.
That's fabulous,because you legally cannot.
Now, tell me about your journeyinto the woods of conflict.
Well, this very Wednesday, October 24th,
I was excited to come hometo some string cheese. The very last one.
I'd been saving it all week.
-All week until Wednesday?-That is correct.
I measure my weeks Thursday to Wednesday.
-Why would you---Tangled Fog of Pulsating Yearning?
Emperor Finger-Face has the floor.
I was gonna melt it down
and then sculpt itinto a Mozzarella Cinderella!
But when I got home,my string cheese was gone!
Doesn't mean I took it.
Tangled Fog, watch yourself.Or I'll turn on this fan.
Well, this morning you said yourselfthat when it comes to eating,
-you just grab whatever you can.-Can we use "I" statements?
[shouts] Ai, ai, ai! You took my cheese!
You probably ate it yourselfduring one of your night terrors!
We know you opened the fridge.You put my keys in there.
I can't eat while I'm terrified.
That's why I'll never knowthe delicious crunch of Count Chocula.
-[shudders]-That still doesn't mean I took it.
-You will both have a chance to---Come on!
We both know you drift aroundthe apartment like you own the place.
-It's my apartment!-[shouts and thumps] And it's my cheese!
Oh, boy.
[tires screech]
-[grunts] Who do you think you are?-[gasps] Uh...
-I'm Dr. Indir---I know who you are!
You know how many therapiststhere are named Indira?
Google filled in your last name for me.
Why did you tell Dianathat she needed space from me?
Would you like to have a seat?
No, I don't wanna "have a seat,"and here's why.
Therapists are manipulative leeches...
So, when Jerry Lewismistook me for the valet,
he was carrying so much painI could never fathom.
-Mm...-And that realization
allows me to forgive.Not for his sake, but for mine.
-Mm-hmm.-Wow. How long was I talking?
I hope that was cathartic for you.You wanna come back same time tomorrow?
Wait a minute, I see what's going on here.Are you... my new best friend?
[sighs] Uh...?
Ugh, I'm sorry, I feel like I'm hoggingall the conversation.
There's definitely more to your storythan mine.
Mine's more like a secondary story.A B-story, if you will.
I have a feeling it will continueto offer a light alternative,
as my story gets increasingly serious.
Let's continue to switch back and forthbetween our stories,
pausing at their most interesting moments.
That feels like the most natural wayto have a conversation.
Well, while I was talking to BoBo,
Diana was trying to keep things together
-on set.-I thought it was my turn.
-[gasps] Oh, my God! Oh, my God.-[Diana] Okay, cut?
-[buzzer blares]-Why is Sassy saying "Oh, my God?"
I just figured,we've got all these people here,
we might as well film some stuff.
Presumably something shocking will happen,and then if it does,
we have a shot of you saying,[mimics Gino] "Oh, my God!"
-Makes sense.-Diana, can I talk to you for a sec?
I know you're going through something,and need boundaries,
but this isn't personal,
-it's about the show.-Ah!
[Diana grunts, sighs] What is it?
I lied. It's a 100% personal.
-What?-But it's good! You're gonna like this.
-Remember you said you needed space?-Yes.
When you told me that,I didn't take it well.
-Uh...-But I made a new friend,
-so everything is good now.-Oh. Well, that's great.
I'm glad you think so because, fun twist,
-it's Dr. Indira.-What?
I'm seeing Dr. Indira now, as a friend.Dr. Indira's my new friend.
-No.-What?
It's great that you would wanna talkto someone, and you should!
But she's mine.I really need her to just be mine.
-Can you understand that?-[sighs] Yeah.
Diana asked me not to be friends with you,so out of respect for her,
I think it's best that I continueseeing you behind her back.
We can still do our lunchtime hang outs,but to cover our tracks,
I'll compensate youfor your time on the books.
Ιt'll seem as if you have a client.
And, to be safe, we should invokea therapist-to-friend confidentiality.
How's that sound?
So, in my dreams, I'm Philbert,and sometimes when I wake up,
I don't know if I'm Philbert or if I'm me,
-or if I'm still dreaming.-[watch beeping]
Oh, that's our time of friendship hour.
I'm just so glad that I can help break upyour day of listening to whiny babies
with some entertaining lunchtime convo.
Should I have told himwhat we were doing was therapy?
On some level, he must have knownwhat was going on.
What I don't understand is,
if you knew Diana asked himnot to see you--
I'm a therapist. A doctor heals.A DJ spins.
Jessica Chastain takes whatever gigAmy Adams says no to.
My job is to listen.
And at that moment,BoBo needed someone to listen.
I know the feeling.
Okay, we've been going back and forthfor two hours.
Can we take a break?I gotta use the bathroom. If I even can!
Maybe it's just another hand down there!Guess I'll find out!
Why not just say you took the cheese?
-Because I didn't.-You want an office, right?
There's nothing wrong with tellinga small lie to avoid a fight.
I do it all the time with my wife,Doctor, uh, Underwear.
-Heh?-I love your new hairstyle, honey.
-Did you not like my new hairstyle?-Oh! Um... Back to my story...
All you have to dois tell Emperor Finger-Face
what he wants to hear.
Fifty-nine cents worth of edible stringfor a brand-new office?
Wouldn't you take that deal?
So, turns out I can use the bathroom,but it comes out in tiny cubes!
Hey. I took the string cheese.
Ha, ha! I knew it!
Wonderful. So, she can replace the cheeseand you'll give her an office. We did it!
Great! Let me just grab my pen.
-But even if I did take the cheese---Which you just admitted you did!
Would I be in the wrong?
I mean, it is kind of a "fair game food,"don't you think?
-What?-It's not like it's a sandwich.
Some foods are just widely understoodto be up for grabs.
-No. You guys.-[Finger-Face] Okay.
Well, then let's make a listof fair game foods.
Grapes. Fair game. Eggs. Fair game.An unsliced pie. Not fair game.
A sliced pie. Fair game.The last slice. Not fair game.
Then let's also make a listof what's fair game to me in my apartment.
Oh, that's right, everything,you literal knucklehead.
Oh, ho-ho!That's a solid diss coming from a gas.
Please, you two,we can still reach an agreement.
I don't know. I think this might gobeyond simple mediation.
-No!-Damn it, we're going to arbitration!
[shouts] Nooooooooooo!
Hey, Flippy. I got everyone saying,"Oh, my God." How's it going in here?
"Interior sub. Philbert. Philbert.Flap, flap, flippy, flap. Fart. Barf.
Barf me a river, fartbag."
[squeaking]
What's going on in here?
[squeaking continues]
If it relieves any pressure,
I don't know that everyone thinksyou're a brilliant genius.
I think we need to simplify.
Let's start with Fritz.Is he a ghost or is he not a ghost?
Can't he just be a ghost?
So, why is Philbert seeing a ghost?Maybe he feels haunted?
And Fritz represents that?What is haunting Philbert?
That's great. But also...Maybe something involving a submarine?
You keep thinking.
Hey, are we about to shoot something?
I'm meeting a friend for lunch.You don't know her.
It's gonna be a while still.
Flippy is working through his "process."And I am helping.
Sounds good. Just remember,
you are not responsiblefor the dysfunction of others.
What?
I'm just saying don't let himget you down.
Where did you hear that?About the dysfunction of others?
I don't know. Just around.It's a thing people say.
[Diana] Mm...
Hey, are we gonna get new pages todayor what?
W-w-wait, did you say "Princess Carolyn"?
I'm sorry, "Priscilla Crustacean."
Vamanos, on the pages, okay?
I've been here all day today,Wednesday, October 24th,
waiting for something to shoot.Andele, andele, andele!
I think your Priscilla Crustaceanis the same person
as my Tangled Fog of Pulsating Yearningin the shape of a woman!
And if she was on set all dayWednesday, that means--
Bu-- Hold on,I'm getting to the juicy part.
As soon as I get the thing,I don't want it anymore.
It feels cheap.So, no, I wouldn't like a bottle of water.
-[Diana grunts]-Emotionally naked!
-I knew it!-Diana! Let me explain.
How long has he been your client?
-Not a client.-Three--
Days. Friends for three days.
I asked you not to see her.
I asked for one part of my lifethat I could have to myself.
News flash, you're not the only onegoing through shit.
Maybe if I could talk to you,
I wouldn't need to be lookingfor other friends.
Diana, is there anything you'd liketo discuss with BoBo?
We can do it right here.This is a safe space.
No. This doesn't feellike a safe space anymore.
I can't keep coming hereif I know you're also seeing him.
Then it sounds likeour time together is done.
What?
You're setting a boundary.It is good.
Go forth with the tools I've given you.
Live your life, Diana.Like a candle in the wind.
-I can't believe this is happening.-I think BoBo needs me more.
-Would you like validation?-No.
Your validation is worthless to me now.You two deserve each other.
[grunts]
Oh, you meant parking validation.I actually would like that.
Wow, I can't believe you chose BoBoover your client of seven years.
At a certain point,
I can't hold myself responsiblefor other people's dysfunction.
I mean, that is kind of your job.
But at least now you can helpthe Angsty Zebra, right?
Well...
-Okay. Now for the real work to begin.-Real what now?
You did the hard part,admitting you need help.
Did I admit that?
And now comes the even harder part,getting the help.
-Let's talk about your mother.-You know what? This has been great.
I got what I wantedand I made so much progress!
So, I think I'm done?
-Yes. You did it!-I--
You changed my stripes!Dr. Indira, you're great at your job!
-Goodbye forever.-W-w-w-wait!
I can't believe I lost two clientsin one day.
You're focusing on the negative.
I'm sure you helped themin ways you'll never know.
This area's all mine.This is fair game. Ya see the line?
What about popcorn?
Popped is mine. Unpopped is fair game.
-[ringtone playing]-[phone beeps]
-Hello?-[Mary-Beth] Todd.
Princess Carolyn was on set all day,the day of the string cheese theft.
She was not homewhen the cheese went missing,
rendering any arbitration agreement madeunder those conditions null and void.
Whoa! Thanks a lot, Mary-Beth.
Just doing my job, kid.A doctor heals. A DJ spins.
Bryce Dallas Howard takes the gigs,Jessica Chastain says no to.
And Mary-Beth mediates.
So, it sounds likeyou didn't take my string cheese.
That's what I've been saying!
I don't even know why we had to go throughcorporate mediation in the first place!
I guess I just wanted it to bea workplace dispute,
because I thought if you knewit was a roommate dispute,
you might kick me out.
I'm not gonna kick you out.I like having you around.
Oh, really?
Who else would I get to keep my keys cold?
You know, I have this job now.
Maybe I could start paying,I believe it's pronounced "roaunnt?"
Rent? Well. That's a great idea.
But I also need my own space.Which is why I wanted that office.
Well, then, let's get you that office.I just need to grab my pen.
-Hey!-Ugh!
Hey. I want to apologize...for my behavior at Dr. Indira's.
-Don't worry about it.-She was right.
You need her more than I do.And I think she can really help you.
Help with what?
I was looking for someoneto hang out with during my lunch.
I didn't want somepsycho-babbling quack job
telling me to get in touchwith my feelings.
-Who needs that?-I do. I need that.
You don't anymore!She said it herself, you're fixed!
And then after you left, I was like,
"Hey, if Diane doesn't need this,I don't need this."
Wait, you quit?
Yeah, I'm not someone therapy works on.I might be too smart.
Oh, my God. You haven't changed at all.
Whoa, whoa.Diane, no, no. I'm not the problem here.
None of this would have happenedif I felt like I could talk to you,
my friend, after my mother died.
So, would you like to talkabout your mother?
No, I'm just saying as an example.
Why do you bring things back to my mother?
I can't keep playing this game with you.
You say you wanna get betterand you don't know how.
Well, here's me, your friend,telling you how: get therapy.
Otherwise, don't waste my time.
Uh, you heard Dr. Indira.She said we don't need her.
She said I don't need her!
I know, but you're just as screwed upas I am.
-So, if---I am not as screwed up as you are.
Diane, it's me. Come on. We're the same.
[gasps] We are not the same!
-[Diane grunts]-Whoa.
-[Diane huffs, hums]-[typing]
Whoa.
That's good stuff. We're doing it, Diane.We're doing it!
I wanna thank everyonefor being so kind this week.
Losing a mother is not easy,
but I am so lucky to havethe support system of my Philbert family.
You know who I really feel bad foris my dad.
He's out on that farm all by himself,and-- Oh, my God. My dad is dead!
-[all] Aw.-Cheer up, everyone!
-We got new pages!-All right!
We're gonna film in the living roomwith Philbert and Sassy Malone first.
We're moving into the submarinefor the flashback.
No time to learn lines.We gotta make up for the lost days,
so we're gonna put the whole thingon cue cards. Let's go!
-All right, everybody stand back.-[murmus]
[sobbing]
We need lights on the living room!
And action!
Tell me what happenedin the submarine, Philbert.
We were doing a routinesubmarine sting operation.
Things got outta hand.
-Hey. Who do you work for?-Well, I sure as hell don't work for tips.
-[chuckles]-[men gasping]
Okay. Hey, Fritz. Be cool. Everybody cool.
We are in a pressurized submarinein the middle of the Bermuda Triangle.
Mm.
Easy... [inhales]
-[all gasping, grunting]-[gunfire]
-Oh, my God! You killed them all?-We had to.
These poor guys.
I wonder if they had kids,families who will never know--
Can you just say the lines, please?
Barf me a river, fartbags.
We gotta make this look like an accident.
You grab the contraband,I'll set up the explosives. [panting]
[BoJack] I went to the roomwhere they were keeping the stuff.
-Only there was no stuff.-Oh, my God!
There was a girl there.She couldn't have been older than 17.
Bring in the girl!
What? What is this?
Keep going! We gotta get this tonight!
[Gina] A girl?
[BoJack] They weren't smuggling drugs.They were smuggling... her.
-Hey. Are you okay?-Yeah, I'm fine. Just do the scene.
[Bojack] I told herit was going to be okay.
And... she kissed me.
Wha--?
What did you do to her, Philbert?
Nothing. Like I said, she kissed me.
-Kiss her back.-What?
We need to get you kissing her back.
-What?-Kiss me, you idiot.
Kiss her!
[both moaning]
This whole thing is gonna blow.We gotta bounce, friendo.
If Fritz hadn't come,what would you have done with the girl?
[Bojack] Part of me is sureI couldn't go through.
But another part knows that's a lie.
-We can't just leave her.-[whimpering]
Use your brain, Philbert!
Malone, you gotta believe me.I'm a good guy.
If I'd known she was there,I never would've--
-Tell me what happened.-I'll be back.
-You wait right here.-Come on, loverboy.
You kissed a young girland then left her to die.
I'm a good guy.I didn't know that she was--
You have to understand, I'm a good guy.
-She trusted you.-How do you make something right
when you've made it so wrong,you can never go back?
How did you come up with all this?
It's a story I heard once.I just changed all the names.
I'll never forget that night on The...
U.S.S. New Mexico.
Why are you telling me all this?
It's just good to have someone to talk to.
[Flip] Cut!
-[buzzer blares]-Amazing! I'm a genius!
[music playing]




Season 5 ep. 8 
















["Toccata and Fugue in D Minor" playing]
Halloween. Fright Night.Spook-tober 30-cursed!
Oh, there's the light switch.I'm still getting used to this new house.
I just bought it and it's the '60s!No, I'm just kidding!
It's 1993, and I'm wearing a costume!
Groovy threads!But you just got drafted, hippie!
-Hmm?-Into the cutest husband army!
-[laughs, moans]-Aw!
Where's your costume?
Can't I just wear a dumb hatand say I'm Blossom?
In my opinionation... Yes.
I am so excited to goto a real Hollywood party
with my husband the TV star.
Just do me a favorand don't leave me alone, okay?
-Okay!-Now hurry up and finish getting ready.
I'm kidding.
Can you imagineif I spoke to you like that?
I really can't!
Next time, we're doinga couples costume, though!
It's the perfect way to tell the worldthat you are completely on the same...
-paaaaage?-What are you wearing?
I thought we were goingas Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling
in the this-year 2004 hit filmThe Notebook.
Ooοοοh! You just said, "The Notebook."
I thought you were gonna be, like,a pen or something.
The important thing iswe both look super-cute,
and everyone is gonna be, like,
"Hey, is that Jessica Bielfrom the upcoming Blade: Trinity?''
And I'll say my famous Blade: Trinitycatchphrase, "Stop goofin' around, Blade!"
Are you sure you're gonna be okayat this party?
Whenever I went with Katrina,we'd always end up in a big fight.
Well, I'm not Katrina.This is gonna be fun.
Okay. I just know you're afraidof mummies.
And since it's Halloween,we might see some mummies.
I'm not afraid of mummies.
I just don't like thembecause of an incident...
from my past.
Will you stay on the lookoutand keep those creepy corpses away?
I'll be sure to makea mental note of it!
I'm a notebook.
I'm not sure I get our costumes.
You're the guy from The Hangover.
The first one, which just came outthis year. Why did I say "first one?"
There's only one Hangover movie,and it's 2009.
-And you are...?-Your Baby Bjorn Borg.
Famous '70s tennis player!
-And what's with the robot stuff?-Borg. From Star Trek?
And you're also a baby?
In The Hangover, the guy had a Baby Bjorn.Baby Bjorn Borg.
-Seems like a lot of explaining.-People will get it.
Anyway, we are going to have funat this party!
You said BoJack Horsemanis gonna be there?
Oh, my God. I'm so nervous.
I'm not! Every Halloween party I went towith one of my ex-wives,
we'd get in a huge blow out.
I am so relieved that you are funand easygoing,
-so there's no danger of that happening!-Mm-hmm...
I love that we both love parties.But more than that...
-I love you.-Aw, I love you, too.
And I love these costumes!
But tell me one more time,what are these costumes?
We're new social media appsensation Tweed Feed!
It's Insta plus Snapchat...
if they both boinked Friendster,which I guess was a thing in the '70s?
[chuckles] Believe you me.This party is going to be dope. Booyah!
It'll be off the heezy fo' sheezy.
OMG, it's gonna be cray-cray!
Turnt! This is going to bethe best Halloween ever!
[theme music playing]
Wow. My first fancy Hollywoo party."I'm ready for my close up!"
Nice!
-Sunset Boulevard?-I usually take Fountain.
BoJack must really love Halloweenif he has this big bash every year, huh?
Oh, yeah, he's a real fiend for the 'ween.
[doorbell rings, horse neighs]
-Who are you and what are you doing here?-[chuckling] Good one!
Pretending not to know your old friendMr. Peanutbutter.
Why are you at my house?
Remember when I invited youto my Halloween party, and you said,
you'd love to come, but couldn't
because you were havingyour own Halloween party?
Oh, right.
Well, I'm sure my guests will show upany minute, so, you should probably go.
Well, I figured,"Hey, why not have a crossover party?"
So, I brought my party, wait for it,to you!
That was the first ever "Wait for it!"It's 1993!
-Uh...-Come on in, guys!
-[cheering]-[music playing]
-Um...-[doorbell rings, horse neighs]
God damn it, why are you here?
At the end of last year's Halloween party,you said, "Let's do this again next year,"
like you've said at every Halloween partyfor the last 11 years!
[cheering, whooping]
That does not sound like me.
Oh, no. Mr. Peanutbutter?Partygoers? No. Is it--
Sure is!
Happy "Your 25-Years-Running"Halloween Party!
-[cheering]-Hallo-ween! Hallo-ween!
-Hallo-ween! Hallo-ween!-No. Don't. Please. Don't. No. You see--
So, we're having a party?Why didn't you say this was happening?
Because I hate that it happens.I take no action to make it happen.
Every year, I pray that it won't happen,and it keeps happening anyway!
I feel like an idiot beingat a Halloween party without a costume.
-Who cares? I don't have a costume.-Uh, you're wearing a costume.
Do you mean, in the sensethat we all wear costumes,
such as we reveal facets of ourselvesto those closest to us,
but our truest selves remain hidden?
No, in the sensethat you are literally wearing a costume
-from the TV show we both work on.-Oh, yeah!
I'll go to Rite Aid to seewhat I can arrange.
Don't let the party endbefore I get back.
I definitely will let it die down!
Oh, shit, the Halloween party.
-[guests chattering]-[music playing]
Oh. Hey, careful with the-- I'm sorry.Can you put a coaster--
-[doorbell rings]-Can someone--?
-You! Marv's intern!-[grunts]
-You're on door duty.-You got it!
-[glass shatters]-I'm very good at opening doors.
Do you have any candyfor trick-or-treaters?
No. I don't know.Just hand out these Emmy screeners.
I'm on it.
Those kids'll be holding out their handsfor Franz.
Why grip a Twix when you can Sip-o-wicz?
What? I don't-- Just keep answeringthe door until I tell you to stop.
-You got it, chief!-[doorbell rings, horse neighs]
-Diane! What are you supposed to be?-An annoyed writer who hates Halloween.
Well, you are nailing it.
I'm just here to drop off pagesfor BoJack. How's the party?
I wouldn't know.I'm stuck on door duty, like always.
[doorbell rings, horse neighs]
Trick or treat!
No. You are way too oldto be trick-or-treating,
and way too young to be a guestat this party.
Oh, no! Why did I give you the optionof trick or treat? I just wanted treat!
Come back when you're five years older,or three years younger.
[doorbell rings, horse neighs]
How 'bout now?
Okay. Come on in.
-Whoa! Cool house.-Oh, thank you.
-It's not mine. It's my boyfriend's.-Really?
-Why does he make you answer the door?-No, he doesn't make me, he's--
Oh, my God. You're right! What am I doing?What am I doing with my life?
Uh, well, judging by your outfit,I'd say you're a pilot of some sort?
I moved to L.A. when I was 18and now I'm 35!
-Everything's happening so fast!-Oh, no! I'm 18!
Am I going to be 35 soon?That's when they make you president!
I don't want that!That's too much responsibility!
I can't do this anymore.You! Take my shift!
Oh, no!The responsibilities are already starting!
I gotta live my life!
I deserve to be adored by a man,yet here my dreams lie dormant!
I don't mean to get mordantly morbid,
but did I get all adorably adornedto get bored manning doors? No more!
Okay, this cider has not beensufficiently alcoholed.
If I'm trapped here with all you losers,I'm at least getting drunk.
[sips]
Whoa! God! I thinksomebody spiked the cider!
[chuckles] Well, I guessone drink won't hurt.
No, I get that it's the X-Files.
I'm just saying, what happened to the "A"through "W" Files?
I wanna see that show. More files!
-Hey.-Oh, hey, there you are!
Sweetheart, you disappearedwhile I was in the bathroom.
Oh, I'm sorry, I guess I justgot distracted by the fun party.
But I will not leave your side agai--Oh, my God, is that Erica?
No, no, please don't go talk to Erica.
Katrina. Erica doesn't know anybody elseat this party.
It would be rude to leave herall by herself.
Well, can I at least come with you?
You know Erica can't talkto two people at once
on account of her split-brain procedure!
Why don't you go talk to, uh...the teacher from Ferris Bueller's Day Off?
Ben Stein?
I'll bet that famously boring manis a blast at parties. I'll be right back.
-No, don't---Erica! Love the costume!
Where did you find such a hideous--?Oh, my mistake, I'm so sorry.
Ugh!
Are you sure this is a good idea,13-year-old Todd?
It's part of the Halloween Code.
If you don't give teenagers candy,they're going to TP your house.
Okay.
[grunts]
[grunts]
[grunts]
Okay, I've scoped out the party,and I've yet to see a single mummy.
As Margaret Thatcher's childrenoften asked,
[imitating child]"Is Mummy coming to see us?"
[normal]And as their nanny always replied,
[British accent] "Not tonight."
-Thank god.-[normal voice] I have to ask,
what is the deal with the mummies?
Okay. I auditioned for The Mummy movie.
-The one with Brendan Fraser?-Ooh!
And I thought everything was going well,
and then somethingreally traumatic happened.
-Oh, my God, what?-I, uh... I didn't get the part.
That's it? You just didn't get it?
I really wanted it!And it still haunts me!
It's my one major career disappointmentas of 2004,
so could you please do methis one thing
and make sure I don't see any mummies?
I promise. No mummies.
Remember that time that ladyfreaked out 'cause she saw a mummy?
[BoJack and Pickles laughing]
-Who was that lady?-Uh, that was actually Jessica Biel.
Who? [chuckles]
-One of my ex-wives?-Oh, yeah!
You've brought so many wivesand girlfriends to these parties,
-I cannot keep track.-Well, don't forget about Pickles, huh?
Uh, what? Why is the waitress heretalking about pickles?
Somebody order pickles?
No, BoJack, this is my girlfriend.Her name is Pickles.
You can rememberbecause if you look at me,
and don't recall my name, you'll think,
"Who is this person?I'm in a real pickle!"
And then just know that my nameis like the thing that you're in,
but with an "S" at the end.
-What?-I'm Pickles!
-My last name is Aplenty!-Do I need to know this one?
-Is she gonna be around for a while?-[chuckles]
I like that you're razzing me.
It really makes me feellike one of the gang.
If he teases you, that means he likes you.
What? Is that what people thinkwhen I tease them?
[gasps]
[sighs] Cool.
Remember the yearthat Pinky won the costume contest,
but then it turned out he'd just lostall his belongings in a fire,
and those clothes were all that he owned?
-[laughing]-[gulps] That was classic!
Oh, shit, I gotta go runthe costume contest.
Ow! My back! Why'd I do that?
It sounds likeyou all have a lot of history.
Yeah. I can't believewe've been doing this party since '93.
-That's the year I was born!-I... did not realize that!
[chuckles] Hey, cheers!
-[gulps]-[Diane sighs]
Are you having fun?
Yeah, I'm having a great time explainingmy costume to people over and over again.
Hey, here's a thought:if you don't get someone's costume,
you don't need to tell them!Just live your life!
-Do you wanna leave?-No, no, no, no! I'm fun!
I don't want to leave! [chuckles]
I wanna leave!
Who has the yellow militaryassault vehicle blocking me in?
-Oh, that's me!-Since when do you drive a Hummer?
Company car.I just like it 'cause it matches my hat.
Plus, lots of room for the golf clubs,and, boy, does that kitten purr.
Why don't you take her out for a spinand see how she handles?
What is his costume?
-Diane! Hi!-Hey...
Am I on the hit Priscilla Barnes vehicleThree's Company right now,
because three's company.
-I'm just trying to get out of here.-Oh, my gosh, Diane,
I just want you to know that I knowthat you and Mister have a history...
-"Mister?"-And I'm fine with it,
and there's no reason we should be awkwardaround each other, or jealous, you know?
-I'm not jealous of you.-Okay, good.
I'm not jealous of you either,even though you are really intimidating.
But if we were jealous of each other,that would be very normal,
so either way, it's totally cool.Totally cool. [hiccups]
Should we do shots together
to, like, celebratehow normal we're being?
Yeah, this is a good situation.
Okay, bye, Diane!
-Did I screw up? I'm so stupid.-No. That's just Diane.
She doesn't like partiesand she hates fun.
-Oh!-No, that's not fair. She used to be fun.
In fact, when we first started dating,my favorite thing about her was
that she was so much more funthan my other ex-wives.
Oh, we're talking about your exes again!That's great.
Of course, Jessica used to be fun, too.
That's why I started seeing herafter Katrina
because Katrina was so mean and cynical,and Jessica was sweet and full of life.
Yeah, she sounds awesome.
But, actually, now that I think about it,
when I first met Katrina,she was also full of life.
Do you want another drink?I'm going to get another drink.
Oh, my God. What a weird coincidence.
Why do all these idealistic,vivacious women eventually turn bitter
and cruel after being with me?What's the common denominator?
-[guests chattering]-[laughter]
Ugh. [sighs]
-Hey, buddy.-Ugh.
The conga line leaderaccidentally led us right into the pool.
I've never felt so alive!
-You should've been there!-I want to go home now.
-What? But this party is so fun!-It's not fun for me.
'Cause I don't know anyone here.
Of course you do. Just-- BoJack!You remember my wife Katrina.
-Huh? No, I do not.-This is going great.
-I'm gonna go dry off. You two chat it up.-No, Mr. Peanutbutter, please.
[exhales]
Thank you for hosting this party.
So fun.
-What's the story on the hat?-It's a Blossom costume.
Oh, shit, that's right! It's Halloween.I need a costume! Good call, stranger!
Ugh.
So, I love parties, as you know,but maybe we should go soon?
There are so many famous people here,it's actually making me kind of anxious.
Diane! Famous people are justlike you and me.
Well, like me, because I am one.
Mom? No, I can't talk right now.Can I call you tomorrow?
Or is this the one night a yearyou emerge from your crypt?
Go introduce yourself.I'm sure he'd love to meet you!
-Or we could just go home?-No, come on.
It's Halloween,a night to face your fears.
That's why they call it Halloween!
So, you can wean yourself offof having fears!
Say "Hallo" to weaning!
[Diane whimpers]
Okay. Todd's Hummer is now blocked inby a blue Tesla.
I'm looking for the owner of a blue Tesla.
Studies say buying used is actually betterfor the environment,
but, hey, you tried,and subsequently trapped me at this party!
[both] Oh.
-Hi.-Hi.
-So, thanks for the new script pages.-You got it.
Hey, listen. That submarine scene...
You wanna talk about it?
-No?-Okay.
We'll just put that in the large bucketof things we don't talk about.
-What is that supposed to mean?-That you didn't wanna talk about it.
[groans, grunts]
[gulps] This party sucks.
Hey, doorman! I don't have a costume.
And I don't wanna look stupidat my own bitchin' Halloween party.
Okay, I've got an idea.
There. You're a one-night stand.Get it? Nightstand?
Nice! You should be a produceror something.
-Ha, ha. Yeah, right!-[doorbell neighs]
-But not yet. Keep manning the door.-[sighs] Yeah.
Ah! All dry! Sorry,I got a little distracted on the way back
by some people with a Ouija board.
A dead soul told me to "AERXIXFASP"!
-What could it mean?-Cool.
While you were gone,Ben Stein introduced me to Tim Allen,
and the three of us had a long debateabout government spending,
which is exactlyhow I wanted to spend my Halloween.
-I am so sorry.-Although, I have to say,
now that your TV show has put usinto a new tax bracket,
maybe we should startpaying attention more
to how the government is using our money.
-What?-No, I don't know, ya know,
I'm just sayingthat a true capitalist-free market
is actually, if you really think about it,
more fair than an arbitrary redistributionbased on need.
-This is from Ten Minutes with Tim Allen?-You left me alone for an hour and a half!
I guess time flieswhen you're having fun?
-I am not having fun!-[all gasping]
[grunts]
Hey, I need a costume.I can't be costume-less at my own party.
Mm.
Hmm.
-Follow me.-[gasps]
-Hold that. Now circle around here.-Oh. What--
-Okay. Just need some tape.-No. What are-- Hey.
No, I get that there's a smoke monster,
but other than that,it's just Gilligan's Island, right?
-[groaning]-[Peanutbutter gasps]
Oh, thank you so much.
No!
-[woman gasps]-[panting] Whoa!
-[glass shatters]-[grunts]
[groans] Jessica!
Am I written by Albert Hammondand Diane Warren,
originally recorded by Tina Turner,but popularized by Ace of Base?
Because "Don't Turn Around."
[slo-mo] Huh?
[groaning]
[screaming]
Mummy!
[gong sound]
What do you mean, a duel?
-You mean like, like a duel, a duel?-[clears throat]
Hold on, somebody's--
-Baby Bjorn Borg.-Oh, my God. Yes!
Cute. What do you want?
Oh, um, I actually wantedto introduce yourself.
I mean myself. [chuckles]
Obviously, you already know yourself,so... [laughing]
Oh, God. Listen, I just wanted to tell youhow much I loved Horsin' Around.
It was, like, a very formative partof my childhood. So... thank you.
I get a warm feeling every timeI think about the song.
♪ Three little orphans,one, two, three... ♪
-I'm sorry. I'm on the phone right now.-Oh.
Uh... Sorry.
Yeah, Mom, I'm still here.No, it was nobody important.
No, I get them to Glee Club.
But why are they singingwhen they're not in the Glee Club?
Where's the music coming from?Doesn't seem realistic.
Why did you make me talk to BoJack?I made a complete fool of myself.
-No.-I can't do this.
I'm good in small groups.
I'm great in chat-roomsand message boards.
-[shouts] But I hate big parties!-[record scratches]
-What? No!-Yes!
And I didn't wanna tell you becauseI know how much this party means to you.
[shouts] But I can't be more funthan your ex-wives!
It's too much pressure!
I'm sorry.
-[panting]-[door slams]
Uh-huh.
-[music playing over stereo]-Whoo! Uh-huh.
-Hey, Pickles? I'm sorry.-For what?
I shouldn't talkabout my ex-wives so much.
I don't want you to feellike you have to be fun.
But I am fun.
It has nothing to do with you,or your ex-wives,
or your ex-wife Diane,who is in this room right now.
Okay, now I'm looking for the ownerof a blue Tesla,
a red Maserati, and a gold helicopter.
-Let's just get out of here.-[crying] I don't wanna get out of here!
-I'm having fun! This is fun for me!-[record scratches]
[sobbing]
What's up with the waitress?
You left me alone all night long!
I ask so little of you!And you never listen.
I know, but now I am listening,
and I swear I will stay by your side,now and forever.
I'll be on you like Urkel on Laura."Will I do that?"
-Yes, I will.-You know what? No.
Because now I want to be alone.
So, have fun hanging out withall your hippie liberal friends, okay?
-'Cause I'm going home.-Kar-nina! Don't go!
Ugh.
-Party's over.-All right, fine.
Let's make this an annual thing,though, okay?
I wanna see all of you, back here,next year! No matter what!
I asked you to do one thing,
keep me away from mummies.And you couldn't even do that!
Okay, in my defense,
I am dressed like a giant notebook,which severely limits my mobility!
How do you think I felt when I had to dothat screen test all wrapped up in gauze?
Wait. You were auditioningto play the mummy?
Mom, I gotta go. Okay?I'll call you tomorrow.
Yeah. We will figure out Dad's funeral.And... I'm... I'm sorry.
[phone beeps]
-You! Boy! What's going on?-I think the party's over, sir.
[sighs]
I always thought that when this happened,I would feel something.
I don't know what, but something.
But I don't feel anything.What's wrong with me?
Nothing's wrong.Just sometimes parties are over.
[sighs]
But... Hey, it doesn't have to be over.
I mean, I could stick aroundfor a little bit.
Yeah, sure, good idea.Stick around for as long as you want.
Yeah?
Okay.
I'm sorry I ruinedanother Halloween for you.
-You didn't ruin it.-I really wanted you to think I was fun.
Diane, you don't need to pretendto be something you're not.
-I already love you.-What?
And I'm going to love you,no matter what version of you you are.
So, you might as well give methe real version.
This is good.
Now I know you don't like parties.
So, we will never havethat argument again.
Yeah.
I really humiliated myselfin front of BoJack.
-[engine]-If it makes you feel better,
I guarantee BoJack won't even rememberthat he met you.
Huh.
Okay, new strategy.
I'm looking for fourstrong construction workers
who can lift my carand carry it out to the street,
like in the Mentos commercial.Any takers?
[Peanutbutter] Open the door!
[Pickles] Just leave me alone!
What's going on in there?Tough SAT prep course?
Fail her learner's permit test?
Skirmish with the membersof the Baby-Sitter's Club?
-Nope.-Shattered dreams of playing Adelaide
in her high school's productionof Guys and Dolls
because the musical director sees heras more of a Rusty Charlie?
I don't know why this keeps happening.
I take these amazing women,like Pickles, like you,
Katrina, Jessica, and I ruin them.
Uh...
I'm not ruined.
-No, I just mean... I don't listen.-Okay, yes.
It is definitely very annoyinghow you don't listen.
Thank you, but you don't have to saynice things just to make me feel better.
Huh? Okay, no.
I was going to say you not listeningand I repeat, you don't listen,
-that's not the only thing going on here.-There are more things?
-What do all these women have in common?-They're mean?
-When you first start dating them.-They're fun?
They're young.You keep dating women in their 20s.
I do, do that.
They're not fully-formed yet.Life changes people.
-Well, not me.-That's kind of my point.
You don't ruin these women,they just grow up.
So, what you're saying is...they all grow up, but I stay the same age?
All right. All right. All right.How do I fix that?
Well, either you date someone older...
-Ooooooor...-Or, you grow up.
Because otherwise,they're gonna keep outgrowing you.
Mind if I try?
Okay, first thing we need to dois sit you up and get you hydrated.
Thanks.
I understand what you're going through.
I've been in your position before,and this party is hard.
[hiccups] It is!
It's hard to be the new girlfriend.
And to be at a famous person's house,at an event with 25 years of history,
and all these peopleMr. Peanutbutter has known for years.
-[hiccups] Plus, you're here.-Plus, I'm here.
-What if I'm just a rebound?-Mm.
I was a rebound.And he loved me, so much, for ten years.
If there's one thing I knowabout him,
it's that he loves the person he's withdeeply and unconditionally.
So, you don't have to worry about me,because I'm not that person anymore.
-You are.-Aw. [chuckles]
-[door opens]-Oh!
-[Pickles sighs]-If you guys will excuse me,
I'm just gonna takethis dickhole's helicopter home.
-Are you okay?-Yeah.
I'm actually really glad you went throughall those ex-wives
because it meansI got the best version of you.
-That's right. Version 4.0.-Oh! I like the sound of that.
Hey, you wanna just go home?Hang out, just the two of us?
Psh! No way! I just saw on Tweed Feedthat Josephine's ex, Tor,
is throwing a monster shindig up in NoHo.
Who-sephine's ex-what now?
They have a two-story ice luge,and a huge beer pond tournament.
And I brought new costumes,
so we don't have to look stupid wearingthe same in all our pictures.
[laughs]
I never wanna grow up!
[chuckles]
[sighs] Where's everybody going?It's Halloween!
[groaning]
[door opens] Happy Hallowee-- What the?
-Where is everyone?-Hey, let's do this again next year.
I'm going to bed.
I love Halloween.




Season 5 ep. 9
















[BoJack's voice]I don't know what's real anymore.
-And I don't know if I care.-[buzzing]
[sighs]
-Talk to me, Philbert.-Don't tell her a thing.
[car horn]
What did you do to your wife?
[sighs]
-She was gonna get us all killed.-So you took care of it, huh?
I tried to stop him!
-Who?-Fritz! He was hopped up on goof-berries.
-[pills rattling]-Agh!
-I think I shot him.-[Peanutbutter] Agh!
What are you doing, Philbert? Oh-hh!
You shot your partner?
[groans] Ugh!
[moans]
-Cut! We're turning around for BoJack.-[bell ringing]
All right! That was acting.
Hey, so, this has been real,but since it's our last day,
it feels like maybe we should call iton the whole us sleeping together thing.
I don't usually keep dating co-starsonce we've wrapped.
Would you say we're co-stars?
I mean, I'm Philbert.I'd say we're more like both in the cast?
Yeah, let's definitelypump the brakes on this.
And we're set. Action!
I had no choice.He was strangling my wife!
What did you do with the bodies?
I-- It's all a blur.It feels like a dream.
-Where are the bodies, Philbert?-I buried them.
-In the same place I'm gonna bury you.-[gasps]
-Right here.-Oh!
Kiss me, you smart, handsome renegade.
There's no time for that now.The nuclear missiles are coming.
Cut! That's a wrapon Philbert Season One!
Great work, everyone!
I want you all to knowI'm proud of what I've done here.
-See ya at the Peabody Awards!-Great working with you. Thank you.
[Princess Carolyn]Terrific job. Seriously...
What the hell are goof-berries?
[theme music playing]
Oh!
-[chuckles] I love the sign.-You better.
I basically had to gothrough a whole pen on that thing.
-Uh...-Hey, I'd help you with your bag,
-but you know, my back.-Yeah.
It's cool that you camethrough Los Angeles on your way home.
Yeah, I guess we got lucky.
The only flight from Connecticut to Kansashad a one-night layover in California.
-Really?-No, dummy. I wanted to see you.
-[grunts]-[chuckles]
-[music playing]-[group cheering]
[woman on intercom]Emily is here to see you.
-Blunt?-Well, she is a little curt.
That's my Emily! Send her in!
-Hey, Todd. [sighs]-You okay?
-I broke up with my fireman.-Not Steve!
No, no, no, not Steve. It was Doug.
Not Doug! Forgot there was a new one!
I am so donewith these sexy noble hero hunks.
The sex is great,
but the emotional connectionjust is not there.
It was the same with me and Yolanda.
No emotional connection,but the no-sex was amazing.
None of the best sex I ever had.
You know,I was actually thinking about that.
Remember that idea you hadabout the dating app for asexuals?
-Nope!-[phone clicking]
Yeah, here we go. ♪ Ta-da-da-da! ♪
[Todd] "All About That Ace"?
You should get yourself out there.You were the best boyfriend I ever had.
If only there was a version of youI could have sex with, I'd be all set.
-Whoa, Emily. I just got a crazy idea.-What?
A restaurant where the menusare printed on garlic bread,
so after you order,the first course is the menu!
Oh.
[clock ticking]
So, ever since Philbert wrappedearlier today,
the question on everybody's mind is,
"What's Mr. Peanutbuttergoing to do next?"
You're a serious actor now,
so I guess, narrate a documentaryabout global warming,
and then take a private jetto the premiere?
I've been looking for new projects.
Seems like everything's basedon books these days,
so I went to the book storeto scout some material.
-Mm-hmm.-But all the books are so long now.
-Yeah?-Who has the time?
I'll just wait 'til the movie comes out,then see the movie,
and decide if the book the movieis based on would make a good movie.
Oh, that's a good strategy.
Anyway, I was heading to the doorin book-length-related frustration...
[groans]
...when I sawone of those circular greeting card racks.
Spotted a card that looked interesting,and it's a super-quick read.
-[flutters]-Eh...?
-"Happy Birthday, Dad."-Pretty cool dad, huh?
You want to option this greeting cardfor a movie?
-We'll call it Birthday Dad.-But what is it?
Hmm? Mmm... it's... "Birthday Dad."
Oh. Okay.
-You think we can get the film rights?-I'll look into it.
[moans]
[giggles] So, then Joby was like,
"Uh, nice scrunchie, Professor."
It was literally a thing.
Joby is the guy in your dormwho plays guitar?
Yeah, he's really funny,but like soulful funny, you know?
-That's great.-Oh...!
[BoJack] You know, I always thoughtI would make a good college person.
Roaming the campus,
sticking it to the crusty old deanwith my rowdy 'tude,
having friends, and learning things,and just, uh, being young.
-[sighs]-You okay?
You look as if you saw Ghost in the Shelland you're Scarlett Johansson's publicist.
It's weird to be back in this house.
This is where it all happenedwith your mom.
Oh, my God, this is so weird.
Hollyhock, whoa. It's okay.That's ancient history.
My mom is dead, so nobody is goingto drug you with secret pills. All right?
Now, how about we make new, fun, memoriesto cancel out the old ones?
-Can the new memories be pizza-related?-No doy!
Ah, thank you for meeting meon such short notice.
It's nice to see you.
I'm sure Fridaysmust be a big night for you.
You were probably planning on going outto a nice dinner with your new girlfriend?
Or seeing a moviewith your new girlfriend?
Or staying in and watching cable--
I get what you're asking. The answer is,no, I don't have cable anymore.
Oh! [chuckles]
Or a new girlfriend.
I'm not seeing anyone either.I've just been so busy with my Philbert.
Philbert? You have a Philbert?
Oh, I'm sorry. It's a show I'm producing.
Not the baby we really wantedbut never had.
Oh, well, that's great, too.
Anyway, Mr. Peanutbutter wantsto option this card as a movie.
-Birthday Dad.-How is it a movie?
-Hmm. It's "Birthday Dad."-Oh. Okay.
-[ringtone playing]-Oh!
-I'm sorry.-Yeah. Sure.
-[phone beeps]-Hello?
[Tracy] Can you get to the St. BernardMedical Center in like, a half hour?
Uh, I think so. Why?
I just got my tonsils taken out,
-and I need a ride home.-What?
Nah, I'm just messing with you.A pregnant lady doesn't want the baby.
If you can get there tonight,the baby's yours.
Tonight? That's so--she doesn't even know me.
Hey, man. You don't say no to free baby.
[sighs] Okay.
Is everything okay?
I have to drive my hospitalto the car right now!
I'm a baby,and there's adopting on the way!
-You're adopting?-Vroom-vroom!
There's so much food in my lap!Doesn't matter! It's fine!
-All part of being a mother!-You are really freaking out.
Am I freaking out too much? Or not enough?
-Let me drive you.-But I have the car seat in my car.
They won't let you go home without one.It's the only rule, really.
There should be more rules,but who am I to judge?
-[breathing heavily]-Hey, breathe.
I'll get the car seat. Let's go.
Ugh. I ate too much.
I need ice creamto smoosh the rest of it down.
Oh, I don't keep junk food in the house,
ever since last nightwhen I ate all of my ice cream.
Hey, why do you have a vodka bottlefor every day of the week?
Oh, that's just my new system I'm trying.I'm down to one bottle a day.
-Is this like an AA thing?-No, I don't need AA.
-Would you get outta there?-I want ice cream.
-Give me your keys.-What? No.
-Come on. Let me drive the Tesla.-With your greasy pizza fingers?
-Forget it.-Come on! [giggling]
-Hey.-Ooh!
What the hell are these?
What? Oh, those...
Why was this in your pocket?Are these for me?
No, Hollyhock. God, no.
Oh God, did you put this in my pizza?
What? Of course not. Hollyhock.No. Give me the-- no!
-Oops.-Hollyhock, those were for my back!
-Wait, for real?-Yes.
Oh, then actually, oops.
[lock clicks]
-Hey, Todd. Is everything okay?-I need to talk to someone,
and you're the only person I knewwould be available on a Friday night,
-with nothing to do.-Hey, I almost went to the movies tonight!
It's not my fault there's never anythingin the 8:00 hour.
9:15 is too late. 7:00 is too early.When am I supposed to eat dinner?
Uh, sneak in a bag of mashed potatoeslike the rest of us?
-Is this your whole apartment?-It's a studio.
I ate lunch with a studio headjust yesterday.
-This is not a studio.-What do you need, Todd?
Well, my friend, Emily,did something really nice for me,
and I wanna pay her back.
-Thought you could help me brainstorm.-Okay. What kind of things does she like?
Well, sex, for one.
Good for her!A woman needs to know her own body
before she expects someone elseto know her body.
-What? What are we talking about?-What?
I think sex, for one?
Oh! Diane, you sad-homed genius.
-You've cracked it!-What?
To the junkyardbehind the engineering school!
-Always happy to contribute!-[crashes]
[rattling]
-Oh, my God, I'm sorry. I freaked out.-It's not your fault.
Your generation's been brainwashedby McGruff the Crime Dog.
Who, by the way, I met at a party once?Didn't ask me a single question about me.
Yeah, and alsobecause of the time I overdosed on pills.
Right, well, these were good pills.
I told you I'm on a system now.I'm not "doing drugs." This was medicine.
Can you get more?
Oh, sure.I'll just call the pharmacy and say,
"Hey, girl, you knowthat highly-addictive opioid
I'm supposed to take every three hours?Well, I kind of misplaced them,
so could I just get some more?I'm totally not a drug addict."
-I'm really sorry.-No. It's fine.
Let's enjoy our time together,even though I'm in tremendous pain.
I'll try to forget it,
but the whole timewe might be thinking about it.
I do not blame you, but if youblame yourself, that is okay with me.
You must know a placeyou can get more painkillers.
I do know a guy,
but he's somewhat "south of Pico,"if you know what I mean.
I don't. Why do Los Angeles people think
everyone else understandsyour local references?
Okay, okay, let's go.
I can't believe you're adopting.
I just realizedit was the right thing for me.
I just remember you were so adamantabout having the baby yourself,
even when I said we should talkabout other options.
-Yeah, but the way you said it---I'm not mad.
I just think it's funny you hadthat change of heart after we broke up.
[sighs]
[sighs] I'm sorry. This is not about me.
You'll be a great mom,and I'm really happy for you.
-Yeah?-Of course.
Well, one day,you're gonna be a great dad.
-Hopefully as cool as Birthday Dad![chuckles]
-Why are we at the pediatrician?-Trust me.
This doctor is the sleaziest, dopiest,scurviest of the scurvy.
-Who is he?-Exactly.
-[Hollyhock yelps]-Hu... wants to par-tay?
Dr. Hu! Thank you for squeezing us in!
You always gotta make timefor your friends.
And I haven't seen yousince Sarah Lynn's funeral.
Oh, right.
That was a huge wake-up call for me.
Next morning I looked in the mirror,and you know who I saw staring back at me?
-[Hollyhock] Who?-Exactly.
-What?-No. Hu.
I spent 30 days at Pastiches Malibuand now I'm sober.
It's like I completely regeneratedas a brand-new doctor.
Congratulations.
You'd have to be a real lost causenot to seek help
after losing Sarah Lynn like that,don't you think?
Oh, deffo. I mean, you know, get help
or, you know,work out a system on your own.
Even, you know, whatever's right for you.
Anyway, I'm trying to get my handson some Feelbetterin?
Feelbetterin?
BoJack, have you been takingoxypraxylcortizoid?
Yeah. I know what you're thinking,but I legitimately have a herniated disc.
He's telling the truth!
I threw out his pills because of my traumafrom when I got drugged by his mama.
-You got drugged by your own mother?-No, my mother.
Her mother was a maidwho got knocked up by my dad,
but she got adopted by eight other dads.
Okay, do you know how many timesI hear this story every week?
This story, specifically?Even the "eight dads" part?
I don't know who you think you're fooling,but this Hu won't get fooled again.
Thank you for coming, Emily.
What's with all the candles?Why are you wearing a robe?
Oh, I blew a fuse earlier,so I had to light candles.
That took a while,and then I didn't get to change.
-Oh.-Hold that thought.
-The thought of "Oh"?-That's right.
Because you're gonna need itwhen you meet your new best friend...
-Uh...-[grunts]
-Whoa!-Henry Fondle!
[robot screaching]
-What? What?-He's a sex robot!
So, you can stop datingall those boring guys and still have sex!
-Stop me if you've heard this one. What?-And guess what?
I even recorded dozensof sexy robot phrases
-for it to say at random intervals!-[clicks]
[robot] I am Henry Fondle.Insert me into genitals!
-Why did you do this?-To show you that I care about your needs.
[robot] My prime directiveis to pleasure you.
Todd, I'm not sure you understandhow sex works.
That is so condescending.
I know what sex is. I am not a child.
I'm just not great at building robots.
This is my first one, and frankly,
I think it's pretty impressiveI put it together in one afternoon.
I love it when you call me "Father."
-[clatters]-[both gasp]
Oh, no!My wacky scheme backfired as always!
-I'm really sorry.-It's fine.
We're spending time together,that's all that matters.
You're not super-mad at me, still?
When this is done,maybe it'll make a great story
you can tell that kid you have a crush on.
Who, Joby? [chuckles]I don't have a crush on him.
Get out of here.His jawline is, like, dumb.
-Oh, okay.-Where are we going now?
There's this actress I was kind of seeingwhile we were working together
and I might have left some pillsat her place.
She made it clear she doesn't wantto see me again but she's not home now.
-Why do I know Gina's schedule?-Where is she?
She has a book club with dumb Nicolewho keeps picking very long Italian books
that Nicole doesn't even read.Why do I know about Gina's friends?
-Do you have a key?-I have my ways.
-Well, I'm out of ways.-I'll go around back
and see if there's a windowI can climb through.
Ooh, good thinking! I'll stand guard.
[winces] Ugh.
Oh, shit.
BoJack?
Oh, my God! What happened to book club?
We switched it to Thursdaysto confuse Nicole.
-Why are you here?-I just wanted to check on you.
[Gina sighs]
[gasps]
-[gasps]-Wait, Gina. No, stay outside.
I just-- I need to talk to you.
Slowly.
Is this about our relationship?What is there to talk about?
Well, I just been thinking that...
we should keep lookingat this relationship.
Like all parts of this relationship.
Like even in the junk drawer,in the kitchen of this relationship.
-Or the bathroom cabinet.-I told you I didn't want to see you.
I want you to knowthat you are top-shelf, Gina.
-Know what I mean? Top shelf.-So, what, you wanna get back together?
-Eh...?-Yes!
Wait, really?
-Okay, I gotta run.-BoJack.
I have had 28 on-set flings,and no guy has ever come to my house
after shooting was over to tryto have a real relationship.
-Well...-I guess I sort of internalized the idea
I didn't deserve that?
Yeah, but like I said, I really gotta run.
But maybe I do deserve it.Maybe we both do.
BoJack, is it possible that we're the oneswe've been waiting for?
Uh, yes. I totally think that is possible,
which is why I can't waitto talk about this tomorrow!
-What? Where are you going?-I'll call you!
[Hollyhock panting] Whoa!
Think I need to call her,or did I leave things open enough
-where I can kinda ghost?-What?
Kidding! I'll call her.I'm very fond of that woman.
And I'm surethat things are gonna work out fine,
and we can find a way to be happy togetherand I won't hurt her
in a way that she carries with herfor the rest of her life.
-Uh, okay.-Lemme get them pills.
-What the hell? These aren't my pills!-Sorry!
-Not your fault. It's just... my back.
-I got another idea.-Okay.
-Do you think Gina needed those?-She'll be fine. Nobody needs pills.
-You could've just dropped me off.-I wanted to be here.
-Hope that's okay.-It's actually nice you're here.
All the times I imagined ustaking home a baby from the hospital,
I never pictured it like this.
You mean, you never picturedit would happen on a Friday?
[laughs] Yeah, exactly.That's the main difference.
[sighs] How come you never called meafter I kicked you out of my apartment?
You were so mad at me.I didn't think you wanted me to.
I didn't.But you still should have called.
-Well, you could have called me.-Yeah.
-I wish you'd stayed with me that night.-You told me to leave.
Yeah. I guess the lesson is,don't listen to me, right?
[Ralph chuckles] Mm-hmm.
Is that really what you're gonna wearfor the first time your new baby sees you?
-Yes?-Oof! Okay.
I'm supposed to be backat the airport in, like, two hours.
Is this reallyhow you want to spend this time?
Again, and... [chuckles]I hate to keep harping on this,
we wouldn't be hereif someone hadn't dumped my medicine.
I know, but this place is super sketchy.
It looks likewhere they did the drag race in Grease.
It is where they did the drag racein Grease.
-Where do you think they make movies?-Ooh!
-[Hollyhock yelps]-[tires screech]
-You a cop?-What? No. Oh, shit.
No, it's a costume.I just finished filming a show.
Normally, people return the costume.
Hello, drug merchant.Is it lit under here?
What?
Are there illegal pharmaceuticalsavailable for purchase?
And please, talk into my lollipop.
-Okay, this guy's a cop.-I assure you I am not.
He's just saying thatbecause earlier I said he was a cop.
No. You can see the outline of his badgeunder his tee-shirt!
-Yeah, no, he's definitely a cop.-Seems cool to me.
Listen. If I were a cop,
I'd have pancake breath
from the precinct'sweekly Friday night pancake dinners.
-But I do not. So clearly, not a cop.-Uh...
Unless, I somehow had an Altoid,or a Tic-Tac after,
which again, no.[chuckles] I am a gum guy.
That all tracks for me.Here are your drugs.
-Aha! We got the package!-Whoa!
-[tires screech, siren wails]-[BoJack] Run!
-[Hollyhock gasps]-They're getting away!
-Go, go, go!-[siren wails]
-[BoJack panting]-[Hollyhock moans]
-[Hollyhock] Oh, no!-Here, get up.
[both grunting]
[grunts]
-Eh...?-Come on! We have to keep moving!
[groans]
-[hissing]-[Emily] Ooh!
-Thanks, Doug.-I'm not here for you.
I'm here because I respect the artof putting out fires. [puffs]
- I'm really sorry, Emily.-It was a sweet idea.
I guess I just thoughtyou waste so much time
with these boring firemenjust for the sex.
-Eh?-Doug, some privacy, please?
Okay.
Maybe I figured if you had some other wayto satisfy yourself sexually,
then you could spend more time with me.
-Like we did in high school.-Todd, we were dating in high school.
Do you ever think aboutwhat it would be like if we dated now?
I don't know. What would it be like?
I guess we'd hang out together,like we already do.
And you would be my favorite person,like you already are.
And when something good happened to me,like if I got a promotion at work,
you'd be the first person I'd tell,
and you'd smile and say,"That's my boyfriend."
Well, that could be cool.But then I would have sex with the robot?
[whirring] Boop, boop, boop! Oh!
-[splatters]-[sighs] Uh-hh!
-Hooray.-I guess it's not ideal.
You know,when I was putting the app together,
I learned that some asexualsactually do have sex.
-Do you... think that there's a chance?-[mutters] Um-umm.
-Okay. Well, you got any other ideas?-Hmm.
What about if marbles were cube-shaped,so they don't roll away as much?
-No dice.-[sighs]
[Princess Carolyn] Oh, he's beautiful.
Do you think I'm terriblefor giving him away?
What? Of course not.
I don't know the first thingabout being a parent.
-Bridget, it's okay.-Your baby's in excellent hands.
I'm just so glad he's goingto a good home,
-with a mother and a father.-What's this, now?
I mean, if my boyfriend was stillin the picture, maybe I could be a parent,
but as is, I think the baby'sprobably better off with you two.
-Oh, no, Ralph's not---That's right!
We're gonna makea wonderful family together.
-Ralph, don't lie to her.-I'm not lying.
A year ago, we wanted to havea family together.
-I still want that.-Ralph, no. You should go.
I hear you say that, but I'm not makingthe mistake I made last time.
I don't want this.
This seems like a subjectyou should have agreed on
before you came to the hospital.
We can do this. Nothing has changed.
I changed! I have plans now,and you're not in them.
-You don't need to do this by yourself.-I never needed to. I want to.
I'm not afraid of how hard it's gonna be.
I already love this baby.And that gives me so much power.
I don't need anything else.
Oh, my God, I just realized something.
If you can do it by yourself,maybe that means I can do it by myself.
-Uh...-No, no, Bridget, you definitely can't.
I thought I couldn't.But that speech you gave was so inspiring.
It made me realize that all I needto be a good mother is love.
Actually, you need so much more than that.I was wrong when I said that a second ago.
[chuckles] Okay. But for real,give me my baby boy.
-[moans] Oh-hh...-Coochie-coochie-choo...
-[moans]-Princess Carolyn, you are amazing.
-Can you be my mom?-[groans] Oh-hh!
[both panting]
[coughing]There's gotta be another way to get pills.
How about calling this Joby?He sounds like a druggie.
-I thought your back hurts.-Yeah.
-How did you lift me over the fence?-Well, the adrenaline kicked in.
-Do you really need these pills?-Hollyhock, how many times--
I'm just saying,is it possible maybe you don't--
Okay. You go to collegeand suddenly you're so sophisticated,
-and I'm a dumb junkie, is that it?-What? No!
You don't understand anything!
-I am in pain.-No, I get that.
All the time. my whole life.And you have no idea.
So, sorry that you had one bad experiencewith my mom,
but I have been in pain my whole life.
[sighs]
I think you should take me to the airport.
Okay.
-You're sure I can't drive you home?-No, Ralph.
Can I at least wait with you for the cab?
[sighs] Okay.
[buckle clicks]
So, I guess I'll see you later.
-Hollyhock, I'm sorry.-Me, too.
Maybe, it's possible that I don't...
100-percent need-need the pills.
I thought I did, but-- yeah.
So, thank you for... caring about me.
-Are you gonna be okay?-Yeah.
I could take a semester off,if you need someone--
No. God, no. Stay... stay in school.
And take your classes, and kiss boys,and do the college thing.
I'm gonna be fine.I get it. Drugs are bad.
Not all drugs.
Obviously, if you get hurt again,and a doctor, a real doctor
prescribes you painkillers,you can take them.
-But only if you get hurt again.-Okay.
-You promise?-Yes. I promise.
Okay. I love you.
[sighs] Hmm.
Okay. Bye.
[whirring]
[clicks, beeping]
[sighs]
[sighs] Whew.
[traffic noises]
[hatch clicks]
Ugh!
[panting]
Uh...
[groaning]
-[groaning]-[tires screech]
[crashing]




Season 5 ep. 10 
















[bell rings]
[panting]
[door creaks]
[sighs]
What troubles you, Sister?
It's the woman who came from the water.She's been in our care for two years.
She hasn't spoken a wordand spends her days in a fog.
Have you been steadfast in your prayers?
I have. And yet,her condition does not improve.
"And yet"? Is prayer but a bargain?
Is it for you to present termsto the Lord?
No, Mother. I just--
You seek a sign from God.Should He seek less from you?
[sighs]
Take the woman to the seasidetomorrow after Matins.
Prove your faith to Himthat He might reveal His glory to you.
Yes, Mother.
Can you feel that on your feet?
That's water. Water.
This is hopeless! I want to help you,but I don't even know who you are!
I look at your face and thinkyou could be literally anyone.
Are you a federal judge? A Russian spy?
-A proud Southern matriarch?-[gasps]
Bo... BoJack!
-What?-BoJack!
-What are you saying? I don't---BoJack! BoJack! BoJack!
[gasps]
[theme music playing]
-[grunting] Agh, oh!-[sirens wailing]
Gah! Bleh! Agh!
[moans] Ow...!
-Come on, get up. We're gonna be late.-How have I gained weight?
Spent two weeks in a hospitalhooked up to a feeding tube.
You drank milkshakes.That's not a feeding tube.
It's basically a feeding tube.
How many do you take a day?Are you in that much pain right now?
-I'm about to be. Reviews are out.-Okay.
"Philbert is an astonishment,
with Horseman bringing surprising depthto the eponymous character."
"Surprising depth"?God, they always gotta slant it.
Why can't it just be "depth"?
I'd hate to see you after a bad review.
Oh, and I bet "eponymous"was supposed to be a pun on "pony."
Wait. There's a part about me.
"Gina Cazador also appearsas Sassy Malone."
Wow, I've never been mentionedin a review before.
"Her restrained performancecrackles with nuance and power."
Damn, look at me-- in two sentences.
Well, don't let it go to your head.Probably just because you're a good actor.
Anyway, I got you somethingfor the premiere party.
-These are beautiful, BoJack.-Well, don't let it go to your head.
It's because you visited mein the hospital every day,
and I got used to having you around,and it turns out I like you.
Uh-oh. I let them go to my head.
[elevator dings]
"What separates Philbertis the character's vulnerability.
This is not the sad manas suave and cynical anti-hero,
but a barely scabbed-over woundof a person."
"Barely scabbed-over."Congratulations.
You're the onewho took a stock bad-boy detective
and made him into a wound.
Me? No.
-You're coming to the premiere party?-Already on my way.
My apartment is a two-hour drivefrom everywhere.
Seven miles, two hours.
-How is that possible?-Honk, honk!
Well, that'll give you plenty of time
to come up with a few spontaneous remarksfor the red carpet.
-[Diane] Oh, do I have to do that?-Look, I gotta go. You'll be great.
-Just be charmingly effusive. Be yourself.-I can't be both of those things at once!
-Can I help you?-Abel Ziegler.
I saw the trailerfor your new show Philbert,
and I think you oughta see this. [slurps]
"What did the clam say to the crabat the undersea ball?"
I think you know why I'm here.
Oh, fish.
Well, buddy, these past few months,you have been inappropriate
with every personwho's come to our apartment.
-[Henry] I want to be inside you.-[sighs]
Henry Fondle, you are inside of me.You always have been.
But there's nowhere else I can take you.
[Henry] Let's get down to business.
You want me to take you to work?No way!
-Oh, yes!-No!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! [banging]
-Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!-[sighs]
I need you to beon your best behavior today.
That is the stuff I like.
I also like clearly defined expectations.
It seems we understand each other.
♪ Bow-chicka wow-wowChicka-wow-wow ♪
-[crashes]-Mmm-ch, mmm-ch!
So, tonight, are we, like,together-together at this thing?
Oh, uh, well...
I mean, I know we're together.I just meant publicly.
Like, are we gonna introduce the worldto "BoJina"?
Well, yeah, I just... I'm not surethe world is ready for, um, BoJina.
-Oh, yeah, you're probably right.-[phone chimes]
[sighs] What do you want,Mr. Peanutbutter?
Gotcha! It's not Steven Spielberg.I changed my name in your contacts.
-[BoJack groans]-Pickles wants to say "hi."
-What pickles?-Hi, BoJack!
Uh, hello. Are you the pickles?
I don't know if I'm the Pickles,but maybe one day.
-Right now I'm just a waitress.-Oh, right. The waitress.
Well, I don't know if I'm the waitress.
She's being modest.She's a waitress-slash-
-aspiring Instagram influencer.-What?
Is that Gina?
-Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.-Wow.
BoJack Horseman and Mr. Peanutbutter,and also Gina on the same phone call?
What is this?
I don't know what this is.Why did you call me?
[Peanutbutter] Oh, yeah!
You wanna ride with me and Picklesto the premiere?
It'll be like this, but for 40 minutes.
-Hard no.-Hardly no?
-That sounds like a yes.-Okay, bye.
-[phone beeps]-Well, anyway-- hello?
Huh. He must have accidentally hung up,
right after he accidentally said,"Okay, bye."
As the clam said to the crabat the undersea ball...
"Shell we dance?"
There are some superficial similarities.
Superficial, shmuperficial!It's the same line!
-Doesn't mean I stole it!-Flip.
I spent months on that line.I slaved, finessed, crafted.
The world was a block of marble,and, like Michelangelo,
I chiseled it into my David,
as I did for each and every oneof Crazy AZ's Frozen Funnies.
Mr. Ziegler, we have so much respectfor your work.
Do you think I'm like a pennyon a railroad track?
Prone to flattery?
We've got a premiere to get to.
How long do we have to listen to this guydo his Popsicle schtick?
It's pronounced "stick," idiot.
Play nice, Flip.
If this gets out, everyone will be talkingabout the stolen gag,
instead of all the great parts of the showthat weren't stolen.
Fine. What do you want?
I want what every comedy writer wants.Respect!
Oh! What if I just let you cometo the premiere party with us?
They have tiny tacos in soft shells
that are impossible to foldwithout making a big mess.
I accept your terms. Where do I sign?
-Can we go now?-Wait.
"Abel Ziegler ampersand"?What are you ampersanding?
-My former writing partner, Ziggy Abler.-What?
I can only give permissionfor the part I wrote.
I'm the set-up guy.
If you want the punch line,you gotta talk to Ziggy.
Can you ask him to sign the release?
I can't even ask him the best timeto go to the dentist.
He hasn't talked to me for 30 years.
-Now, you mentioned a party?-[Flip groans]
[camera shutters clicking]
[Pickles] Wow!
A real Hollywoo premiere party.
Can we get our pictures taken,and drink specialty cocktails,
and form life-long bondswith other fancy celebrities,
and read in magazines,"Who wore it better?"
And then people vote,and then 78 percent of readers say,
-"Pickles did!"-[chuckles]
-[camera shutters clicking]-[reporters clamoring]
Hey, BoJack, can we get some of just you?
-Oh, uh, yeah.-Mm-hmm. I'll see you in there.
FYI, you're gonna want pictures of herafter you see what she does in Philbert.
Let me tell you something,that 39-year-old actress is going places.
-Oh. Hey.-What happened to your arm?
-Oh, just some asshole got T-boned by me.-Oh, my God. When?
Uh... couple weeks ago? Or months?
As Philbert says, "Time is like a woman;
completely impossible to comprehend."
I think we ended up cutting that line
because the network was worriedit would be offensive
to people who didn't knowwhat time it was.
-[clattering]-This you call a tip?
I haven't seen a tip this measlysince my bris.
You must be Ziggy Abler.Oh, thank you so much for coming.
Darling, you're wasting your time.
I love to sign documents.In fact, that's my signature move.
But if Abel signed it, I won't.
I guess you could say I'm willing,but not Abel!
-Oh...!-Now where are those tiny tacos?
Oh!
-[bell chimes]-Cuckoo.
[Henry] Chicka-chicka, oh, yeah.
Mmm-ch, mmm-ch!
[clattering]
Oh, is it five o'clock already?
If you've poured me a drink,you must want something.
-Out with it.-[Henry] I want to be on top of you.
There's no one on top of me.I'm CEO of this company.
-That's my favorite position.-Well, you can't have it. It's mine.
Give it to me.
You want to be tantamountto this catamount?
You've got balls, I'll give you that.
[clanking, whirring] I am a horny robot.
For my job, yes, you've been quite clear.
But if you were CEO, what would I do?
Take a portraiture classat the Learning Annex?
While away the hours,painting canvas after canvas of my wife,
and, through this act,
rediscover the woman I fell in love withthose many years ago?
No, such a realization would only crushmy too-feeble heart.
After all, what benefit is it to lovewithout the words to express it?
What could I possibly say to articulatemy deep devotion to this woman,
who has become but a stranger to me now?
[whirring] I am powerless in the faceof your mesmerizing sexual energy.
[gasps] Such a brain for business,yet such a tongue for poetry.
So, I am resigning from my post,effective immediately.
I leave you in the good handsof Henry Fondle.
-Henry, would you like to say a few words?-Henry] You will submit to my desires.
-Very impressive.-He's leaning in and I respect that.
-Uh... guys, are you sure about this?-I've never been more sure about anything.
Todd, why don't you show your new bossaround the premises?
I'm actually about to head outto the Philbert premiere party.
-[Henry] I'm coming.-Brilliant! You'll take him with you!
Oh, no, no.He doesn't need to come.
[Henry] I'm coming, I'm coming.Oh, God, I'm coming.
Whatever you say... boss.
[splattering]
Hello, everyone.
Thank you for attending the premiereof my opus.
I hope you all enjoy itbecause that means you are smart.
If you don't get it, that meansthat my genius wasn't appreciated
in my own time, and that's okay, too.
[weak laughter]
Why are you laughing?Please do not laugh during the screening.
This episode containsno intentional humor.
[chuckles] Okay. That's--that's always a good sign,
when you have to clarify that.Look, folks, Herb is being modest.
-"Herb"?-I'm sorry.
[laughs] Flip. Did I say Herb?
Herb is being modest,but he put together a tremendous show
that I think that you guysare really gonna love.
That's right.It all came out of this brain.
-Ha! That brain, he says?-That brain? Double-ha!
Shh!
And the most amazing thing about this show
is that I'm sure we all have Philbertsin our lives,
or we are Philberts.
You know, we've all done terrible thingsthat we deeply regret.
I've done so many... unforgivable things.
And I think that,that's what this show says.
Is that... is that we're all terrible,so therefore we're all... okay.
What?
And I thinkthat's a really powerful message.
Okay, well, without further ado,the first chapter,
and notice I said "chapter" not episode
because I think of this show as moreof a novel than a TV show...
-of Philbert!-[applause]
[BoJack's voice]Nothing's lonelier than a party.
[cheering, applause]
Barf me a river!
[camera shutter clicks]
[phone clicking]
Hey, Pickles, where have you been?You left after, like, ten minutes.
I'm sorry.
My friend Ilana, not my best friend Ilana,but another Ilana who is my friend,
was having a crisis,and I needed to text her "LOL."
Well, you missed the whole episode.
I saw the first ten minutes!I just couldn't get into it.
And you kept saying,
"Do you love it? Are you loving it?How did you like that scene?"
Well, did you love it? Were you loving it?How did you like that scene?
Every time you showed up on screen,I kept thinking,
"That's not a dirty cop,that's my boyfriend!
The sweetest, cutest dogin the whole world!"
And then you'd shoot someone,and I was like... eww!
-Fritz is the hardest I've ever acted.-Oh.
Harder than the ice bucket challenge,
but it was fake ice.I wanted you to see it.
I'm going to fix this.You stay here and party.
I'll go home.I'll watch the entire season of your show.
You don't have to do that.
And you don't have to like every oneof my Instagram posts, but you do.
The least I could dois watch your TV show,
even if it kills mebecause I hate it so much.
-Well, don't watch it if you hate it.-I'm going to do this for us.
-But---I love you!
-[sighs]-[buzzing]
I've been to dozens of these thingsand I've never heard applause like that.
We might actually get a season two.
-That's never happened to me before.-That's incredible.
Excuse me,can I borrow you for a few minutes?
-Oh, sure. Gina, do you mind if I, um...?-Yeah, go ahead.
Oh, no, I was actually talking to Gina.
Me? I'm being borrowed for a few minutes?
Oh! Well, yeah. Yeah, of course.Yeah, yeah. Sure.
Wow. Oh, my God.
Hey, how you doing? Hey, you came!
Flip, I screwed up.I didn't know it would feel like that.
To be in that room.To hear people cheering for Philbert!
-What are you talking about?-When I first started on this job,
I wanted to make Philbertmore well-rounded,
so the audiencecould relate to him better.
And now you're upset
because I didn't mention youin my introduction.
Diane, the whole point of televisionis it's a collaborative medium,
-where one person gets all the credit.-No, it's not about that.
I made him more vulnerable,and that made him more likable,
which makes for a better TV show.
But if Philbert is just a wayto help dumb assholes rationalize
their own awful behavior,
well, I'm sorry,but we can't put this out there.
Uh, it's out there.
The whole season's dropping at midnightall over the world.
-I can't be here.-[Flip sighs]
Come on, fellas.I know we can find a solution here.
I doubt it.
We have the same problemas a hematology lab
that goes a week without electricity!
Too much bad blood!
But you obviously work together so well.What went wrong?
It was a long time ago.
My wife Harrietalways had a sneaker for Ziggy.
Oh, and the unspoken resentment crept in?
Unspoken? It was shouted!
Nevertheless, me and Harriet ended uphaving a fling.
Eventually, we got married.
-And that killed the partnership?-No, we got over that.
But at their tenth anniversary,I had a few too many--
And what, you took a swing at him?
I said I always felthe had the easier job,
coming up with the punch lines.
And then what? What led to the rift?
Led? That's the whole rift!He besmirched my craft.
I still haven't forgiventhe son of a bitch!
I said it then, and I stand by it now!
All the pressure's on the punch line!
Pressure? Please!
Set-ups need context,mise-en-scène, flavor!
I carried us to the topof the Popsicle stick game!
You wrote the partthey let you try before you buy!
I had to deliver the money line!
[both] Ugh!
So, you both think you had the harder job?
-[Abel] Of course!-Indubitably!
Well, what if you tried switching roles?
-You mean, I tag his set-ups?-Why not?
I don't know.I'm a punch line guy my whole life.
How do I come up with straight lines?
-You could try using a ruler.-Oh!
[both laugh]
-Oh, I missed you, Abel!-You, too, Zig!
All right, so we have a deal?
What did the terminally ill man sayto Dr. Kevorkian?
"Give me that sweet release!"
Hey.
Did you really mean what you said,before the screening?
About how Philbert made you feel okay,about yourself?
Oh, I don't know--
Because, you know,that's not the point of Philbert--
for guys to watch it and feel okay.
Diane, it's a compliment.You did a good job. Relax.
I don't want you, or anyone else,
justifying their shitty behaviorbecause of the show.
What is your problem?
Why can't you acceptthat something you did is successful?
It's connecting to people,and that's good.
You're right, sorry.I don't know why I thought you would care.
-Excuse me?-What is going on with you? You're a mess.
-Am I?-I feel like I barely know you anymore.
Oh, bullshit. Don't give me that.
-It's true. I don't know you.-No. You know me. You do.
Then what the hell happened in New Mexico?
Look, I...
I don't know what you thinkthat you know--
I don't know anything!
I mean, I know something happenedwith a girl in New Mexico,
and I know it resulted inyou coming home in a boat.
-Well, that's---I also know...
that your old friend Charlottelives in New Mexico
because you used to leaveher business card lying around the house,
and I know her daughter is a seniorat Oberlin.
-How--?-And I know you went to Oberlin
during your bender three years ago
because a bunch of studentsposted pictures of you on Facebook.
Jesus Christ,why are you so obsessed with me?
I am not obsessed.
I wanted to know what happened,and you wouldn't tell me.
-You never asked!-Okay, so I'm asking now.
What happened in New Mexico?
-Hallo! Smile for Yahoo, Finland!-[camera shutter clicks]
What I don't understand is why you feel
like you deserve to knowevery shitty thing I ever did.
I don't deserve anything.
I would like to knowwhen you've done shitty things.
Why is that your business?
Because I'm your friend,and I care about you,
and I wrote a book about you,
and now I wrote this show for you,and I am very publicly your friend,
so if it gets out that you're doingcreepy stuff, that makes me look bad.
Oh! So you're worried about thingsthat I may have done
because you thinkthat it reflects badly on you?
Hurts your brand?That's your moral high ground?
This is not about "moral high ground."
Wanna know about New Mexico?
You want to know about the onelittle thing that I did in New Mexico,
which, by the way,wasn't even really a thing?
-You know what? Spare me.-No, I'm gonna tell you.
I'll tell you what you want.
And while I'm at it, you wanna hear aboutwhat happened at the MTV beach house?
Or why I'm not allowedto fly United anymore?
Or what happened with Sharona,the makeup lady on Horsing Around?
-What?-Or the dozens of other shady things
that may or may not have occurredin my life that I can barely even remember
'cause I was high or drunkor it was 30 years ago?
And you don't feel bad,about any of this stuff?
Yeah, of course I do!I've spent so much time feeling bad.
By the way, most of these women...don't even remember, I bet.
Well, that's really convenient for you.
I'm the onewho has to live with this shit.
I'm the one who has to feel the guiltall day, every day.
So, you're the victim here?
Yeah, and I knowthat's not the woke, progressive,
intersectionally appropriate thing to say,but I would say, yeah!
I'm the one who has suffered the mostbecause of the actions of BoJack Horseman.
-You've suffered?-Yeah, I have!
-The most?-The most!
Really? More than, say, Sarah Lynn?
Don't talk to me about her.
No, I wanna know how you're the victimof the Sarah Lynn story.
-I'm serious.-Explain to me...
how Sarah Lynn's overdose wasreally rough for you.
-Shut up.-You feel a lot of guilt about that?
You feel a lot of guilt because you werethe only father figure she ever had,
and when she came to you for help, you--
-Hey, how you doing?-You folks having a good time?
You look great. Thanks for coming.
-You had sex with her?-That's-- ! No.
And then when she was sober,you took her on a month-long bender?
And then she died. And she is dead now.And you're still alive.
With a girlfriend, who is also alive,and a TV show.
And that's been really hard for you,the main character in this story.
Why are you bringing this shit up?Is this fun for you?
-To really rub in---It's not fun.
You win! You scored all the pointsin the argument!
According to facts, you are rightand I am wrong, like always.
But you know what? I don't care.Because I'm trying to move forward.
You haven't changed at all.
Yes! Congratulations!You are the last person to get that.
I'm not gonna change.I don't need your help for changing,
so you can stop tryingto make me your project.
-That's not---When I met you, I was depressed
because I didn't like myself.
And when you wrote that bookand sold a bajillion copies,
you taught me that as screwed upas I am, that's okay.
You did that. And now I'm okay.
I don't believe that's true.
And I don't think you believe it's true.
I think you want me to tell youthat you can be better.
And even though you're beinga total asshole right now,
I still believe it.
If all you've gottenout of this friendship,
is the idea that you should be okaywith yourself, as you are,
then I don't thinkthis is a good relationship...
for either of us.
-Diane, come on.-I'm going home.
No, Diane, we're saying things,but let's just go back to the party.
I'm done... with all of this.
I went to New Mexico to see Charlotte.
She was married with a daughter.
But it wasn't like...what you're thinking.
She was 17, which is the legal ageof consent in New Mexico,
and she wasn't drunk, so,not that I wanted to, I never... I didn't.
That's the dumbest part of all of this!I didn't do anything.
I mean, the fact that this has turnedinto such a thing for you--
you know, maybe I didn't tell youbecause there was nothing to tell.
Did you ever think of that?She was my friend's daughter,
and she wanted it, and I was... [breathes]
I was in a bad placebecause Charlotte had just--
So, then she came onto my boat,Charlotte, I mean,
and she walked in,and I was with her daughter.
But again, nothing had happened yet.
-"Yet?"-Nothing happened.
Goodbye, BoJack.
-Diane, no!-Hey-- Aah!
You wanted me to tell you. I told you.You know everything.
-Please let go of me.-Diane, please.
You're hurting me,and I would like you to let go now.
[winces, sighs]
[sighs]
[spits, gulps]
[gulps, sighs]
[whirring]
-So, what'd you think of the show, boss?-[Henry] More, more.
Well, all ten episodes
-will be on our website at midnight.-More.
-You want more episodes?-Give it to me.
Ooh! Flip! They're picking us upfor more episodes!
Wow. And my mother saidI'd never last as long as Hung.
Well, who's Hung now, Mom?
Uh, right.
[puffs] Ugh.
[grunts] Ow! Oh, ah!
-[wires whizzes]-[breaks lamp]
Uh...
-Oh. Hey!-Hey.
-You're leaving?-Yeah. You?
I'm just getting some air.
No, wrong Prius.I'm sorry I lost my ticket!
-[sighs]-[chuckles]
Want me to drive you home?
You can come backand get your car tomorrow?
You don't have to do that.
Of course not.I don't have to do anything.
-[camera shutters clicking]-[guests laughing]
Gina, I know it's early,
but have you started writingyour acceptance speech for the Emmys?
Oh, stop. I'll probably just repurposewhatever I say at the SAG Awards.
-[laughter]-Is that gonna read as cocky?
Can you explain to your readersthat I'm being charmingly self-effacing?
-Excuse me.-Oh, hey, hot stuff! Whoa!
-[reporter gasps]-[camera shutters clicking]
[Gina moans]
Thanks.
And, great job, by the way.You're really good on the show.
Yeah? No. Me? No. Yeah?
Yeah! You're a good actor.I never knew that about you.
Well, I'll see you back on set, right?
Did you hear we got picked upfor more episodes?
I'm not going back.
Oh. Well, then,I guess I'll see you around.
I hope so. [chuckles]
I can't believe I finally got youto leave a party early.
Come on, you know I'd do anything for you.
-Why? I'm such a disaster.-You're not a disaster.
You're Diane. You're amazing.
Do you wanna come in?
[end theme music playing]




Season 5 ep. 11 
















[BoJack] Previously on Philbert...
[sighs] Now I seewhy they call you "Sassy."
-Hello, old friend.-Fritz! But you're dead!
Dead serious... about haunting you.
[sighs] I haven't had sex that goodsince my wife died.
To be clear, the sex was pre-death.
Philbert, I don't want to beone of those girls,
but did you murder your wife?
How many people are dead because of you?
Those were bad guys!They stole the mayor's submarine.
Tell me what happened.
I'm going to the chief!The whole world's gonna know what you did.
-You can't do that, Marjorie.-John, it's over. [gasps]
Fritz, you maniac! What are you doing?
-What you're too chickenshit to do.-[gasping] John! Help!
-Oh-hh!-[moaning]
[gasping]
[clicks]
[Fritz grunts]
You shot your partner?
He was strangling my wife!
Kiss me, you smart, handsome renegade.
There's no time for that now.The nuclear missiles are coming.
[music playing]
♪ Well, I've been downTo the girlie club ♪
♪ With a hot glue gun full of beans ♪
♪ Shot the beans on the railroad tracks ♪
[mumbling] ♪ ...Know what I mean ♪
♪ I'm a man out of time ♪
♪ And time keeps runnin' me down ♪
♪ 'Cause rules are for fools ♪
♪ And I ain't no clown, no ♪
♪ They say the devil is a woman ♪
♪ But I ain't no clown ♪
[music ends]
[mask huffing]
[Philbert narrating] It's been six monthssince the missiles hit.
The air is thickwith the stench of death,
and the hospitals are deliveringsome very wacky babies.
But, finally, they reopenedthe Yogurtland near me.
Sometimes, even mushroom cloudshave a silver lining.
Hey, partner. Looks like you're gettingsoft... serve frozen yogurt.
[chuckles] Now I continue to seewhy they call you "Sassy."
[narrating] It's also been six monthssince I told Sassy the truth.
About Fritz. My wife.
And Sassy hasn't turned me in.I think she likes me.
-[Sassy sighs]-[Flip] Cut!
-[bell rings]-[spits] Ugh!
BoJack, I told younot to eat the prop food.
That fake yogurt costs $500 a cup!
Why?
[BoJack] It's been two months sincethe first season of Philbert came out.
And it's a hit. Which is great for me,but even better for Gina.
[camera shutters clicking]
You know, I've done so many TV shows,
but this is the first onethat's kind of turned me into a star.
It's a big step up from just recurring
on The Cops are Coming,Whee-oo, Whee-oo.
[BoJack] And the weird part isI'm not secretly bitter and jealous.
I like seeing her happy.
But I still have this little rancid itchsaying something isn't right.
It's like there's always somethinglurking just beyond the horizon.
[ringing]
Philbert the Troubled Detective.
I see. Thank you.
Why do you still use a landline?
[Philbert] What am I supposed to tell her,I'm just an old-fashioned guy?
Or maybe I like thingsthat are plugged to the wall?
Something to grab ontoif I start floating away.
That was my wife's landline.
-[Fritz grunting]-[gasps]
-I'm so sorry.-Never mind that.
The chief's been murdered.
Oh, Philbert, that's awful.I know you didn't want him to be murdered.
Sassy, put on some pants.You've got a sweet bottom,
but the only bottomI'm interested in right now
is the bottom of this case,and getting to it.
Because this time, it's personnel.
-Cut!-[bell rings]
Did you want me to say,"This time it's personal"?
No, that's a cliché.You're saying it's an inside job.
Someone on the force."This time, it's personnel."
-Ah, okay.-The strangling looks fake.
Ooh, maybe it would be scarier...[wailing] if I talked like this--
I already told you. No spooky voice!
I can roll my eyes backand stick my tongue out.
[gagging]
-Eh...?-Yeah, let's try that.
Gina, you noticed anything funkyabout these new scripts?
Yeah. Without Diane around to policeFlip's use of the word "literally,"
you'd think "the literally store"was going out of business. Figuratively.
What? No. I mean the story with the chief.I think it's stolen from my life.
I mean, I also had a male boss who died.Herb Kazazz.
Seems like a coincidence.
The chief is named Basil.Like basil, which is an herb! Like Herb.
I don't think anyone would use a storyfrom your life without telling you.
-Diane would.-She's not writing on the show anymore.
You think Flip read her book?Wait a minute. "Her book." "Herb... ook."
-What's going on with you?-I'm gonna get to the bottom of this
because this time, it's business.
Personal business.
-[typing]-[knocking on door]
Hey, friend.Where'd you get your ideas from?
I'm just-- I'm so interestedin your process.
Do you make them up,
or get inspiredby other things or people's... lives?
What are you accusing me of?
You think I can't come upwith my own ideas?
Those popsicle guys signed a release.
Popsicle guys?
-What are you talking about?-What are you talking about?
[both] Hmm...
[BoJack] Something's going on.I must be singing a song called "Crazy"
because everyone's treating melike a patsy.
All I know for sureis Flip's hiding something.
Something about "popsicle guys."
-Hey, buddy. Is everything okay in here?-Yeah, fine.
Really? Because this trailer belongsto Stingray Liotta.
[gurgling]
Oh. Uh, I guess I've beena little distracted.
Are you sure you're okay?Because you're my friend,
and I would never forgive myselfif something happened to you
that affected our abilityto stay on schedule.
-What?-BoJack, I care about you,
and also the 218 other peoplewho will be out of a job
if you spin out like you usually do.Now are you keeping things together?
I'm not gonna screw upthis professional opportunity for you.
Your concern is very touching.
-What's in those pills you keep taking?-If you really cared,
you should've been therethe day I fell off a building?
But no. You had other important businessto attend to.
-BoJack---You're doing a great job,
making me feel like you give a shit.You're gonna be an awesome mom.
[sighs] I think you're overworked.
Oh, for real?With a side order of,
"Ya think?"And sundry retorts of that fashion.
Here's what's gonna happen.
You're gonna takethe rest of the night off.
You're gonna get some sleep.
And when you come back,you're gonna be professional,
you're gonna be courteous,and you're gonna have your shit together.
Fine! And... I'm sorry,about the mom thing.
Get some sleep.
[sighs]
-I can't sleep.-Ugh. Yeah, you mentioned.
-Flip was acting very suspicious.-He sure was. Eight hours ago.
But we're home now,and it's 4:00 in the morning.
Princess Carolyn's gettingall up in my business!
She told me that I seem "not okay,"and was "spinning out,"
-and "would make a great mom."-Not sure you'd be the best mom.
-I'd be a wonderful mother!-Wow.
[thinking] Watch it, BoJack.You're losing it. Gotta be cool for Gina.
What's something a cool person would say?
Uh, hey, Daddy-O.
Gotta splitsville to the lavatoryif you catch my drift. Hang ten!
-Oh, okay.-Nailed it.
[panting]
[sighs] Huh?
[clicking]
[Gina] BoJack, I know what's going on.
-[switch clicks]-[gasps] Uh... you do?
You're taking the character home with you.It happens to every actor.
I played a girls' PE coachwho solved mysteries
in a pilot called,Death, She Whistles.
It never went to series,but I got so into it,
I spent months orderingevery mouthy teen I saw
-to drop and give me 20.-Yeah, you're probably right.
[sniffs, slurps]
[gasps]
[groans]
[gasps, moans]
[music playing]
[vocals singing backwards]
-[music stops]-Uh...?
-[faint fluttering]-[gasps]
[gasps]
[BoJack narrating] The BoJack Mysterieswill continue after this.
-[orchestral music playing]-[puffing]
Hello. I hope you're enjoying Philbert.Is everyone having a good time?
-Uh...-[music stops]
Okay, I'm gonna level with you.I'm in a real situation here
because I did not realize I was supposedto sell ads for this show.
Nobody specifically told me
that was under the purviewof the president of ad sales!
So, if anyone wants to buy30 million dollars'-worth of ad time,
or work outsome sort of licensing arrangement,
basically, what you need to know about me
is I am desperateand will say yes to anything.
Let the negotiations begin!
-[music resumes]-And now, back to the show.
[BoJack thinking]Who sent this? What do they know?
Do they know things? Let's find out.
Hey, BoJack!Did the L.A. Gazette come today?
Apparently, I'm on their"35 Over 35 but Under 40" list.
Uh, no, nothing came today!I wasn't looking at anything.
Why are you so insistentthat something came today?
Obsessed with things coming much?
Whatever this creep has on mecould ruin the show, And there goes
Gina's newfound happiness.
I gotta find out who sent this.For her sake.
This case is like the movie,Love Actually. No leads.
-Hope the coroner can help us out.-She will.
We got a lot of history,me and the coroner.
Here's a picture.She used to be one of my closest friends.
Used to?
Times change.
[splatters]
[BoJack] Diane! Diane! Diane!I know you sent me the note!
-What note?-What note?
The one you slipped under my door.
See, great actors embody their roles,so I've picked up some detective skills.
That letter "I" is in a nerd font.I'd say it's from The Believer.
And you're the only personwho reads The Believer.
First of all, The Believeris a very popular $12 magazine.
And I didn't send this dumb note.
You love revealing my secrets.And not sharing your cobbler!
-[sighs]-Who else could have done it?
I don't know.Who'd you piss off?
[thinking] She's right.Lotta people have it out for me.
[Philbert narrating] But who the hellwould want to hurt the chief?
Hey, Philbert. This your friend?
-[gasps]-A second strangling victim.
If it's the same killer,he's a real pain in the neck.
Hey, there's being sassy,
and there's going over the linewith humor. Literally.
All right, enough chokes.Let's put together a list of suspects.
Yeah, suspects.
[Philbert] Gotta keep it togetherand go through the suspects.
[rattling]
[thinking] Who would wanna take downBoJack Horseman?
[clicks]
Huh.
No. Don't call Charlotte.That's a terrible idea. Don't do it.
[ringing]
Hello! Charlotte's husband Kyle here!
[Kyle] Hello? Hello, hello, hello?
This is your last chance, okay?
-Three, two...-Uh...
All right, you get another second here.What's going on?
-I'm doing a survey for the cable company.-All right.
I've got time for a survey.Kinda fun to think
big-time corporations careabout what little old Kyle thinks.
[speaking with mock Scottish accent]On a scale of one to ten,
how would you rate your cable service?
Oh, that's a tough one, right off the bat.Let's see.
Don't take this personally,but I'm gonna say eight.
And on a scale of one to ten,how is your marriage?
Well, that's a little personal,don't ya think?
Oh, okay. Uh...
But I guess if it helps your survey--my wife and I had some rough patches,
but we're strongernow we've got through them.
-I'm gonna give us an eight.-Okay, so it sounds like your wife
isn't obsessed with a desireto exact revenge on a former friend?
-What?-For cable-related reasons or otherwise?
-I don't think so.-Okay, wonderful.
On a scale of one to ten,
how would you rateyour daughter's sexual maturity?
-Boy, that's a sticky one.-I'm just reading what's in front of me.
Pfft. I don't even know how to judge that.
Uh, let's saythat one is, "Horribly scarred
by an older man she trusted
and is now dedicated to gettingthe word out about the bad thing he did,"
[normal voice]and ten is, "Slowly explored her body
in a healthy way on her own timetable
and is now completely emotionallywell-adjusted?"
I don't know, maybe eight?
I feel like I'm kind of defaultingto eights.
-Okay, thanks, bye!-Wait! Don't go. I got a couple questions.
Question number one.What channel is Netflix?
Gotta get back to Scotland.You're the man now, dawg.
Well, that didn't pan out.
We got no leads,and the Olive Garden won't deliver.
Sure, when you're there, you're "family."
There's gotta be something we're notseeing. All these victims, strangled.
Yeah, this case just getsstrangler and strangler.
You made puns!
You could laugh after two murders.
But now we're talking about eightinnocent people killed in five days!
This guy's really going full throttle.
[chuckles] I guess it's just funnierwhen I do it.
-The point is, we have to stop him.-[sighs]
So many people could have sent that note.Why do so many people hate me?
Oh, put up a picture of Crispin Glover.
Apparently, I spilled coffee on his shirtin a dream he had.
I'm not sure production assistants
are supposed to help make listsof enemies.
Hey, if you're gonna whine like that,put your own picture on the wall too.
Oh, shit, what time is it?I gotta get to set.
We are on set.
Oh, yeah. We are, in fact, on set.
[buzzing, popping]
[Flip] I'm telling you, BoJack's onto us!
[Princess Carolyn]Oh, he's not onto anything.
[Flip] I think he knowsabout the popsicle guys!
-Wha--?-Pickles, about dinner tonight,
am I any network with a showstarring Kyle Bornheimer?
-Because I have to cancel.-Shh, shh, shh!
Nothing's wrong.Just another heavy night of shooting.
-Sha-sha-shh!-Gotta go! Love you!
-Shh! Shh!-Love being monogamous!
-[phone beeps]-[sighs] Hey, BoJack!
Look at you, skulking behind doorswith a malevolent aura.
-Someone is hiding something.-How did you know?
-Did you talk to Diane?-Yes. I did talk to Diane.
BoJack, I promise it was a one-time thing.
The worst thing that could happen isif I lost your respect over this.
I couldn't live with myselfif your respect for me fell any lower
than the current level of respectyou have for me,
which as we both know is very high.
Can we pretendthis whole thing never happened?
-What whole thing?-Thank you.
There's gotta be a simple explanation.
No. I'm telling you,this whole thing is rotten, Gina.
-[Flip] You said "Gina" again!-What?
You called her "Gina."The character's name is "Sassy."
Right. Um, no.This whole thing is rotten, Sassy.
Whatever it is,we'll figure it out together, okay?
-Okay.-In the morning.
-[clicks]-[Sassy sighs]
[sighs]
-[pistol clicks]-[gasps] Fritz!
We're not so different, you and I.
In fact, in many ways,you might even say we're the same.
Samie, samie, samie-same,you might say.
Twinsies, even.
-Fritz, you're not real.-Does this feel real enough for ya?
[grunts] You don't have to do this.You can trust me.
I do trust you.
[sighs]
But I don't trust her.
-[grunts]-Ugh!
And that's why I still have a landline.
-[yelling]-[gasps, panting]
What's going on? I'm a heavy sleeper.
The pieces are starting to fit together.Literally.
[BoJack thinking] He's got a secrethe won't tell me. And he's not alone.
That's why she keeps checking on me--
to make sure that I'm not gettingtoo close to the truth.
Who else is in on it?
Mr. Peanutbutter. He's up to something.
Something involving... Diane!
But what do they all have in...
Common?
They all made Philbert.
This whole show is designedto reveal my secrets and destroy me.
And poor Gina is caught up in the madness.I have to find a way protect her! Get it?
Everyone's evil.It's a conspiracy to destroy you.
Protect Gina. Got it.
The Fascinating Mysteriesof Detective BoJack Who Is Great...
will continue after this.
What...?
I really think we should get to set.
-Aren't we on set?-You're at home.
I came to get youbecause you didn't show up at call time.
Why didn't you come earlier? [gasps]Are you trying to take me down, too?
Down... to set.
-[Flip groaning]-[BoJack gasping]
Hey, everyone!BoJack's here, ready to shoot!
-What are we waiting for? Come on.-All right, set it up!
BoJack, what's going on with you?
I can't tell her the truth.She's safer knowing nothing.
-You realize you just said that out loud?-Oh. Sorry. Too many night shoots.
It's so hard to lie to her.
You just said that out loud, too.You do know this is real, right?
More real than you even know, dollface.
Face. Clocks have faces.
That's it! [gasping]
Where the hell is he going?
[muttering] Gotta get 'em...Gotta go. Gotta catch up.
-[yelps]-Todd Chavez. The man in charge.
The guy who has a face,
which is what clocks have,and also hands, which clocks have, too.
I should have known his clocky-handy facewas behind this.
-Hi, BoJack!-The gif is up, bozzo.
-Spill the beefs.-Okay, you got me.
In order to offset the costsof video hosting,
I needed to sign a licensing dealwith a pharmaceutical company,
but I think this still maintainsthe dignity of Flip's original vision.
"Oopsie, gotta poopsie"?
That sounds like a thingPhilbert would say, right?
We're also doing a board game, a lunchbox,
and a campaign with a national taco chain.
The "Philburrito." So zesty,you'll forget your murdered wife.
[gasps] So, you wrote the note!
-Uh, no, that's---Tell me the truth, Chavez!
Have you always beensecretly jealous of me?
Did you hate that you were a nothingand I was a successful cop?
Did you create this entiretelevision show to destroy me?
That's a lotta questions,but, generally, no.
-This ends now.-Hey, whoa, whoa, careful!
Ooh!
[beeping]
-Fritz! Put down the gun.-No, BoJack, that's not--
[Henry Fondle] I am going to blow my load!
Don't. Don't pull the trigger!
It is imminent!Prepare to exchange fluids.
-No!-Beep, beep! [groans]
You're a super gal. I'll call you.
Fritz is getting away! [grunts]
-BoJack, hold on---[grunts]
[panting]
[yelps]
-[gasps, yelps]-[popping]
[gasps]
-BoJack, what are we doing?-What?
All this running around.
Gina. Someone is trying to take me down,take the show down.
So, what, you solve this little mystery,
fix this little hole,and then everything will be fine?
I'm doing this for you.
You don't want that.For everything to be fine?
-How dreadfully boring.-Huh?
♪ Life is a never-ending showMy friend ♪
♪ A twisting, turning, ever-bending show ♪
Huh?
♪ The audience is everyone you knowMy friend ♪
♪ Leave them with a smile when you go ♪
♪ You can bet that you're a star ♪
♪ So don't forget how fun you are ♪
♪ Get out there and give it your all ♪
♪ And don't stop dancing ♪
♪ Don't stop dancing'Til the curtains fall ♪
Agh!
♪ You are a rotten little cog, mon frère ♪
♪ Spun by forces you don't understand ♪
♪ Living is a bitter, nasty slogMein herr ♪
♪ Why not sell your sadness as a brand? ♪
♪ Paint your face and brush your mane ♪
♪ And find some place to cut your painTo portions we can buy at the mall ♪
♪ And don't stop dancing ♪
♪ No, you can't stop dancing'Til the curtains fall ♪
-Aw, shucks!-[yelps]
[shoes tapping]
♪ Today's the day, you've got the spark ♪
♪ You'll find a way to make your markAnd get your tiny name on that wall ♪
♪ So, don't stop dancin', babyDon't stop spinnin' ♪
♪ Don't stop beltin', buddyNow we're winnin' ♪
♪ Grief consumes youBut you just keep grinnin' ♪
♪ The ache becomes youAnd it's just beginning ♪
♪ Don't stop dancin'Nothing's certain but the curtain ♪
[gasps]
[panting]
[sighs]
-Couldn't sleep?-I never sleep.
-I noticed.-I've noticed you noticing.
I've made some progress in our case,but, uh... you're not gonna like it.
-Try me.-It's about Fritz.
-[clicks]-[gasps]
So, I guess some of this detective stuffis starting to rub off on me,
because I figured outwhat's been going on with you.
-Gina?-I found your stashes
in the toilet paper rolls.Then I looked around the house
and found all your otherclever little hiding places.
-How many of these do you take a day?-Hey. Those are mine. Okay? I need those.
[Gina gasps]
I swear to God,you try that again and you're dead.
Sassy, I'm not the bad guy here.It's Fritz.
I didn't want to tell you this,but he's back.
I don't know how. Maybe the nuclear blastresurrected him somehow.
You're my partner. We need to find him.
I'm with Internal Affairs, you moron.
When you told me Fritz killed your wife,something didn't add up.
I tried to find Fritz in the system, butthere's no record of him ever existing.
-What?-In fact,
there's no record of youever having a partner at all.
What are you saying?
[grunting]
You killed your wife. And the chief.And the coroner. And the others.
Why would I do that?
Because they knew you,and they knew your secrets.
But I know your secrets now.
-But did you know that I love bocce ball?-What?
-[Philbert grunts]-[Sassy gasps]
[panting]
Come on. Gina. I'm serious, Gina.
-I need those pills!-Bullshit.
You have no idea what I'm going through.I'm trying to protect you, Gina!
Protect me from what?
-Are you serious?-Someone is trying to blackmail me.
-BoJack, this is from the show.-What?
It's marketing.
-[Gina] Everyone in L.A. got one.-Huh.
It's a copy of the notethat Philbert gets.
-You sent this note. It was you.-No, Philbert.
[Sassy] It was you.The guilt was unbearable.
It ate you up inside,and drove you to madness.
-Bullshit.-Oh? Or should I say... no "O."
[gasps]
It was you! It was all you! Literally!
No! No!
You don't remember shooting that scene?
Well, I-- I guessI've been a little distracted.
"Distracted"? You've been high.
No. It's not high, Gina, that's not--It makes things normal.
Normal? You're a goddamn mess,and you're gonna ruin my show.
-Oh, your show?-That's not what I meant.
No, that's very helpful.I understand what you're worried about.
-I thought it was me, but it's your show.-BoJack, listen.
It would really be a shameif your show was ruined
by your boyfriend'sdebilitating drug problem.
-Stop it.-Where would you go to sing
-with your popsicle dancers?-Popsicle dancers?
-Give me my pills back!-No.
So, what happens now?
-Turn yourself in.-Are you kidding?
I know there's a good manburied somewhere in there, Philbert.
He's the man I fell in love with.
-That man is dead!-[grunts]
Gina. I'm not kidding. The pills. Now![bangs]
-You're out of control.-Give them to me!
[growls]
Stop! Let go! You're hurting me!
-[Gina gasping]-[grunting]
-[wheezing]-[Flip] Okay, cut!
See, that looks real.
-I'm going.-Gina, no. Come on.
Stay away from me. Get help. Or don't.
-I don't care anymore.-Gina, no. Uh...!
[gulps]
-BoJack grunting]-[Gina] Please, stop.
BoJack, he said, "Cut."
BoJack? Buddy?I think he's really strangling her.
What? Oh, no. Turn the camera back on.
-Gina, you okay?-Okay, that's enough.
-[screams]-[gasps, panting]
-What the fuck is wrong with you?-[moans]
[gasping]
Uh...?




Season 5 ep. 12
















[Todd] You shut down production?
Just for a couple of days.
What is going on over there?
-It's a minor injury issue.-A stunt went slightly awry.
Again?
And one of our starsgot a little strangled.
-What?-Just a little strangled.
Like, the minimum amount of strangled.
Everyone's fine now.It's like it didn't even happen.
-Except...-Except what?
Some crew members might have takensome video of the incident
that could leak to the pressat any moment.
But that's it!
Okay, I'm pulling the plug.
-[Flip] What?-No!
It's too dangerous!We gotta cut our losses.
Cut your losses?Philbert is a monster hit!
We put your site on the map, boy-o,
so don't get squeamish nowabout sunk cost.
Face it: You need uslike a fish needs a bicycle
in Portland, Austin, Boulder,or Minneapolis, Saint Paul!
You are out of order.
Fine. Switch Boulder and Austinand move the Twin Cities to the front.
Now, can you give me a chanceto get everything under control?
-[Henry slams door] Yes! Yes! Yes!-[Todd sighs] You have one more chance.
Do you promise meyou can take care of this?
I'm clearing my docket.This is my only priority.
Good,because my boss has made it very clear
that if we let him down, he will, quote,"eat my ass for dinner."
[theme music playing]
-[high-pitched ringing]-[ringtone playing]
-[phone beeps]-Hello?
Hey, buddy, well, how ya feeling today?
Weird.Am I supposed to be on set right now?
You just stay right there.I'm coming over.
-Okay.-Do me a favor, though?
Maybe don't watch any TV,or go on the Internet,
or take any phone callsfrom anybody else until I get there, okay?
-What?-[touch tones beeping]
-Ugh.-[line ringing]
-Stuart.-What up?
Draft an email to Biscuits Braxby.
I wanna set up an interview for--Hold on, I'm getting another call.
You want that part in the email?
-Hello?-Princess Carolyn! It's Sadie.
Remember me? You wanted my baby,and you came down to Eden,
then you thought about your past a lot,and I decided not to give you my baby?
Of course I remember you, Sadie.Unfortunately, this isn't a great time.
Anyway, I got to thinking... I intervieweda lot of people for adoption.
After I saidI wasn't gonna give them the baby,
They all went cold or nasty. Except you.You were still nice.
-[tires screech]-I think that's a sign. [grunts]
-How fast can you get to Eden?-Why?
My boyfriend left me,my mama stole my truck,
-and I don't want this baby no more.-Oh, fish, Sadie.
I'm kind of in the middleof something now.
You're in the middle of something?
I'm about as deep in contractionsas an apostrophe!
-[panting]-I know. This is all just coming so fast.
I... Let me call you back.
Okay, but if this baby pops outand you're not here,
-I'm putting it in a dumpster.-[gasps]
I'm kidding,I'm giving it to someone else. [grunts]
-Hey.-Hi.
I always forget how tinyand Dickensian this place is.
It's really great how you don't neednice things to be happy.
-Yes, I agree. What do you want?-[door closes]
For the last couple months,I've had work to distract me,
but now that we're on strangle hiatus,I can't stop thinking about that "thing"
that happened in the prepiereof the Philbert.
-"Strangle hiatus?"-Diane, stay on topic.
-You know what "thing" I'm talking about?-Yes.
-The thing between us?-Got it.
When we had sex?
I was on top and then briefly on bottom.Human-y style?
Yep, I remember.
Pickles has no idea,and I've never felt so guilty in my life.
I hate keeping secrets from people.
It's like Rob Schneider'ssurprise party all over again.
You cheating on your girlfriend
is not the sameas Rob Schneider's surprise party.
You're right, this is much less sadand involves more people.
-Just tell Pickles the truth.-Oh, I'm not good at giving bad news.
-Could you do it?-What? No!
But you're so good at bumming people out.I'm more of a "good news" guy.
You want your ex-wife to explain the fact
that you cheated with your ex-wifeto your current girlfriend?
Well, of course every idea sounds stupidif you describe what it is.
You're not the only onewho feels gross about that night.
Do you have any idea how shitty I feltafter you left?
So I made you feel gross, and now...
No, you didn't make me anything!I am gross.
I feel, all the time, like a garbage fire.
And not a cozy dumpster in a quaint alley,
but a barge, floating out to sea,with no rudder.
I am a rudderless burninglarge garbage barge.
Well, I'm sorry that you feel that wayall the time,
but I don't usually,and now, for the first time ever, I do,
and I don't know what to dowith that feeling!
-Good! You should feel bad!-Well, I do!
-Great! Me, too!-Great!
Great!
[both moaning, kissing]
So, what, exactly,do you think happened last night?
Uh...
I don't know. We shot some stuff?
There was an accident on setand Gina got injured.
-Oh, my God, she did?-She's fine.
-But some footage has gotten out.-Footage?
And because of how it looks,
some people might get the impressionthat you were trying to hurt Gina.
-They're gonna get the impression.-Right.
-But I wasn't.-Of course not.
What did happen?
So, the two of you are gonna doa sit-down interview with Biscuits Braxby.
[chuckles] She makes news fun!
Yes. All you need to say is thatyou know the footage looks bad,
but you and Gina are actors.
You performed a convincing scene,
and you can't waitfor everyone to see the new season.
Well, it seems like you've got everythingunder control.
[sighs] I'm sorry things got so messywith the show.
I didn't always look out for youas much as I should have.
I can take care of myself.I know you've got a lot on your plate.
It's just been so crazy,this adoption process,
but I think once I get a baby,my life will be less hectic, you know?
Oh, sure.
That is why new mothers alwaysseem so chilled-out and well-rested.
Okay, buddy.
Why don't you save your funny jokesfor the interview?
But please don't make jokesat the interview.
[both sigh]
Sorry I broke every pieceof furniture you own.
-Will 20 dollars cover it?-Don't worry about it. But, yes.
-So, what happens now?-I don't know.
-I have to tell Pickles.-Yeah.
-I'll tell her you and I had a talk.-Okay.
-And we're getting back together.-Wait, what?
-But she's a great girl.-No, no.
But she is a great girl.You just don't know her.
No, Mr. Peanutbutter.
I don't want to get back togetherwith you.
-What?-I think you misunderstood.
-Then why do you keep doing this?-Why do you keep doing this?
-Because I love you!-Don't say that.
It's true. I never stopped loving you.
No. We can't do this ever again.
-I'm sorry.-[sighs]
See? I told you you were greatat giving bad news.
That is not what I wanted to hear.
BoJack, Biscuits. Biscuits, BoJack.
This interview's gonna go down smooth,like a 1995 Zinfandel.
You ever try one of those '95 zins?Good year for Zinfandels.
Bad year for Oklahoma federal buildings.
-M'kay.-Here's how it's gonna go down.
Red light on the camera goes bloop!I go, "Hey!" You go, "Hey!" I go, "Video?"
You go, "Nah!" I go, "Really?"
You go, "Well..." and you roll methrough the rigamarole.
-Oh, don't---Don't forget to plug your show.
Then I go, "Wow. This has beenso illuminating. Thank you so much."
Red light goes boo-de-de-boop,we'll be out of here before Traffic.
And, yes, I'm talking aboutthe Stephen Soderbergh movie Traffic.
It's playing on FX tonight,and I'm hoping to catch it.
Love me some Cheadle.
Am I crazyor was she kind of hitting on me?
Yeah. You guys have a real flirty energy,
like Matt Lauer and those magazinecut-outs he now interviews in his kitchen.
-This should be fun.-Now that's the spirit!
You gotta show me this video.
No, I really don't thinkthat's necessary.
I'll look like an idiotif I don't know what I'm talking about.
Just let me see it. How bad could it be?
Cut to: "Ooh, it's really bad!"But, no, seriously, can I see it?
[sighs]
-[BoJack grunting in video]-Hey, wow, look at me go.
-[Princess Carolyn's voice] BoJack!-Oh. Oh!
Oh, look out, I'm getting really, um...
Well, this looks like...
Yeah.
Because I'm actually...
Yeah.
Diane! What have you been up to?Tell me everything.
Actually, I've been workingon a book of essays--
Okay, I was obviously asking to be polite,
and it's very rude of youto assume that I care.
I have news that's actually interesting.
Girl Croosh is pivoting to video,and I want you to be the face.
-The face?-Of the site.
Every woman under 40 will tune into hear what you have to say.
And possibly women over 40,but we have no way of knowing
because they're invisibleto our site metrics.
Stefani... no.
I don't understand.My parents never said no to me growing up,
so I'm literally incapableof processing it as a concept.
I'm a hypocrite. I'm miserableand I make other people miserable.
I don't know what I'm doing.I can't be a trusted news source,
or an authority,or a role model for anybody.
Uh, no one called you a "role model."Settle down.
-Oh. Um...-You know what your problem is?
You hold everyoneto an impossible standard,
including yourself.
It's super helpfulfor writing hot-take shakedowns,
and clickbait take-downs,but totally toxic for your personal life
and internalized senseof self-worth, girl.
But shouldn't we be askingmore of ourselves
-and of the people in our lives?-Of course. But we all fail, Diane.
The world is unforgiving enough as it is.
The least we could do is find waysto forgive each other and ourselves.
Well, then maybe we should bemore forgiving in our content,
and maybe not publish so many take-downs?
Oh, Diane.
- All right, let's bring in the talent.-[mumbling]
-[gasps]-Hey, is this a good time to talk?
No, Stuart. This is a very bad time.We're about to shoot the interview.
Oh, sorry, I haven't memorizedyour schedule.
-You could write it down.-With what, a quill?
-Okay, Elbridge Gerry.-What?
Anyway, this lady showed upat the office
and she was being super annoying,so I brought her here.
-What lady? [gasps]-Hey.
Why aren't you answering your phone?Why aren't you in North Carolina?
We're having a bit of a PR crisis.
As soon as this is settledI will take the first plane there,
but this is just not the best time.
Look, if you can't do this, don't do it.
My mom worked all the timeand she never made time for me.
I felt so alone growing up,
especially because I never knew my dador my twin brother
because our parents broke upwhen we were babies,
and wouldn't even talk to each other.
Oh, Tracy, I had no idea.
My whole life,
all I had was this half of a medallionwith part of a family crest on it.
The crest of a family I'll never know.
-Boring.-Ex-squeeze me?
Sorry, but your story sucks.
I mean, who wasn't separatedfrom their family as a baby
and still wears their half of a medallion
in the hopes of one day being reunitedwith their long-lost twin?
That exact thing happened to meand you don't see me bitching about it.
-God, get over yourself.-Get over yourself.
I didn't realize it was a common thing.
Well, obviously it is,so can you get to your point already?
I was getting to itif you'd quit talking already.
My point is, not every woman is supposedto be a mother.
Maybe you'd be happier
if you freed yourselffrom that expectation,
and just lived the lifeyou'd clearly rather be living.
Two minutes to air!
No, that's not... I'm not...I can't even deal with this right now.
-You need to leave.-All right, let's go.
She's in one of her moods.
I still think it's pretty nuttywe both have the left half of a medallion.
Like, what are the odds?
Nah, it's a completely different thingwith me. Mine is the right half.
-So...-Oh, okay.
[exhales]
[clears throat] Hey.
-Hello, BoJack.-Are you okay? You look good.
Yeah, makeup covered the bruises.
-Gina, I'm so sorry.-Let's just do the interview, okay?
-I'm gonna come clean about everything.-What?
Everyone needs to know what I did.
-[bell rings]-[man] Please get in positions.
No. Don't do that.
Gina, what I did to you--I saw the video and it looked pretty bad.
I'll say it was pretty bad.
-It was assault.-Yeah.
You physically overpowered me,
and if there were any justice,you would be in jail right now.
Okay, so...
But my career,
after so many failed attempts,is finally starting to take off.
I am getting offers, and fan mail,
and magazine columnsabout what a good actor I am.
People know me because of my acting.
And all that goes away if I'm just
the girl who got chokedby BoJack Horseman.
I can't lie about this.
I don't want you to be the most notablething that ever happened to me.
I don't want you to be the questionI get asked in interviews
for the rest of my life.
-Gina, I---You need to do this for me, okay?
Because I just want this to be over.
Can we talk about it,maybe after the interview?
No. I will be civil to you on setwhen we have scenes together,
but otherwise, I never wanna thinkabout you again.
-Hey, guys, how are we doing?-So good, Biscuits.
We're so excited to be here,aren't we, BoJack?
-Um, yeah.-[buzzer blares]
I'm here with BoJack Horsemanand Gina Cazador,
stars of the hit show Philbert.
Let's cut to the chase. That video.
[chuckles] Oh, my God,it's so embarrassing.
-This is all a misunderstanding.-I mean, it's kind of hilarious.
We've actually been laughingabout it here on set!
[both chuckling]
Really?BoJack looks so angry in the video.
And Gina, you look terrified.
Biscuits, we're actors. It's what we do.
-Oh, thank God.-Yep, actors.
Okay, I gotta ask.Is the story true? Are you two an item?
[laughs] Busted!
Oh, boy.Looks like you got your scoop!
Can you give us a kiss?
-Uh...-Sure thing.
[kisses]
-What's it like dating your co-star?-It's so great.
I'll bet sometimes, though,you wanna strangle each other, right?
Oh, you bet!
-[BoJack chuckles]-[Gina growling]
Okay, you two.This has been illuminating.
-Thank you so much.-[bell rings]
-[man] That's a cut!-That was amazing.
[Gina] Mm-hmm.
[sighs]
You wanted to see me, Mr. Fondle?
[Henry] I must make love to you.
[chuckles] You mean to my brain,because I have such good ideas.
Thanks for the encouragement.I never got that at my last job.
[Henry] Nice boobs.
That's exactly right.
Those guys were nice,but they were total boobs.
Anyway, I'm gonna go reviewthe third quarter budget
with our diagnostics team.
-[Henry] Insufficient power.-To review the budget?
-[panel beeping]-[Henry] Insufficient power.
Are you saying I don't have the authorityto do my job?
[Henry] Now entering sleep mode.
You wanna sleep with me?
That is not a modeI'm comfortable with, Mr. Fondle.
[Henry] Please connect to power source!
[gasps]
So first, he saidI had insufficient power...
Wow.
Which I have never heard him sayto a man.
And then he asked me to "connect"to his "power source."
Did you feel physically threatened?Was there any implication of assault?
Not assault, but he did make a mentionof "low battery".
It is never acceptable to threatenan employee with battery at any level.
What time is it right now?
For female employeesof one popular website,
the answer is Sexual Harassment O'Clock!
What started with the allegationsof one junior executive
has quickly snowballedinto an avalanche of accusation,
as women at every level have come forward
with their own harrowing storiesof what happens
when the big handmeets the little hand.
He said he wanted to "...get all upin my guts with his penis
and ejaculate inside me."
At the time, I just thoughtit was typical corporate banter,
but now I'm like, uh...
Look, obviously,
men should not be engagingin predatory behavior at the office,
but I'm worried now the pendulum'sgonna swing too far in the other extreme
where they'll be held accountablefor that behavior, and that's not ideal.
Uh, Henry Fondle is a sex robot,
and he should not be a CEOof any company.
[reporter] When you say "sex robot,"you're speaking metaphorically, right?
No.
The board has taken decisive actionto remove Henry Fondle
by placing himon an indefinite paid leave.
Meanwhile, we will be scaling back,canceling our slate of streaming series
and refocusing on our original missionof being a website you can go to
if you don't know what time it is,that also doesn't harass anyone.
This is a great day for the womenof this company,
many of whom will be laid off.
-[reporters clamoring]-[camera shutter clicking]
So, you got a call from your dentist;no cavities.
Emily Van Camp wants to moveyour four o'clock to five.
And also, Todd wanted me to let you knowthat the network folded,
everyone got fired...[yawns] And your show is canceled.
-What?-It's over. It's all over.
What are you talking about?It's not over.
We just have to find our babyanother home.
Maybe What Time Is It Right Now is gone,
but there are like a billionother websites, right?
What about that website you go to,to pay your parking tickets?
Or if we're really desperate, TNT?
The point is we're just getting started,Princess Carolyn!
-[door grinds]-Princess Carolyn?
-[phone rings]-She's gone.
Unless...
I was Princess Carolyn the whole time.
Mm.
[in female voice] Oh, fish!
Well, this is it, Henry Fondle.The end of the line.
[man] Hiya, hotshot.
I've been following your careerpretty closely and I like what I see.
How'd you like a corner officeat Disney-Fox-AT&amp;T-AOL-
Time-Warner- Pepsico-Viacom-Halliburton-Skynet-Toyota-Trader-Joe's?
[Henry] Give it to me!
Uh, you know this guy just got firedfor sexual harassment, right?
Yeah, so he's learned his lessonand he's ready to reenter the workforce.
[Henry] I have many penises.
[chuckles] You said it, buddy.Give us a call.
Do you wanna take a ride?There's something I wanna show you.
[Henry] Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
[knocking on door]
Oh, hello.
Shouldn't you be out"not really strangling" someone?
The last time I saw you,
you said you still believedI could be a better person.
-Do you still believe that?-I do.
I need you to write oneof your take-downs.
-About me.-What?
You can't write anythingabout Gina, but... the other stuff.
Everything. I need to get it out.
No. I'm done writing about you,or for you, or with you.
Diane, please, I need this.
I'm a bad guyand the world needs to know.
There's no such thing as "bad guys"or "good guys."
We're all just... guys...
who do good stuff sometimesand bad stuff sometimes.
And all we can do is try to doless bad stuff and more good stuff,
but you're never going to be good.Because you're not bad.
So, you need to stop using thatas an excuse.
I am asking to be held accountable.
And I'm telling you it's not gonna happen.
Whatever you put in that story,no one is gonna "hold you accountable."
You need to take responsibilityfor yourself.
I don't know how to do that!
[Diane sighs]
[BoJack grunting]
[sighs]
This is it. My special thinking spot.
[Henry] Let us put ona Lionel Richie album,
and finger each other's holes.
Shh. Henry, no.There'll be time for that later.
[Henry] I love itwhen you call me Father.
That's right.
-[Henry] I... I...-[grunts]
[Henry] I love you, Fatheeeeeer...[powers down]
Shh. It's okay. It's over now.It's all over. [pants]
Oh, man.
[grunts]
Okay.
[Princess Carolyn chuckles] Aw.
She's beautiful.What are you gonna call her?
Untitled Princess Carolyn Project.
But not really, though, right?
Hey, do you think my cactus is gonna beokay if I'm not there for six weeks?
Yeah, I thinkyour cactus is gonna be okay.
-Is this a mistake?-No.
Wow, it feels so weird to be eating here.
So, this is what it's likefrom the other side.
Pickles, I took you here
because I wanted you to be somewhereyou felt comfortable.
Aw, that's so sweet, Mister.
Because I need to talk to youabout something.
Oh, no, this is really bad.Why would you do this to me?
I didn't tell you what it is.
No one ever "needs to talk"about something good!
No one ever says,"I need to talk to you: Happy Birthday"
or, "I need to talk to you:Felicity Jones hired a new stylist
and her red carpet looks this seasonare to die for!"
Well, good news first:Felicity Jones did hire a new stylist,
but sadly,her fashion choices just aren't popping.
Oh, no! This is bad news!Well, thank you for telling me.
That isn't the thingI was going to tell you.
There's more bad news?
Is it worse or not as badas the Felicity Jones thing?
Well, it's different...
Whatever it is,we're going to get through it together.
Whatever it is, I love you,and nothing's going to change that.
Nothing you say is going to make mestop loving you, no matter what.
Pickles... I...
What is it?
-[grunts] Will you marry me?-[squeals]
What do I say... when I go in?
You say, "Hello. I am BoJack.Horseman, obviously.
You've probably heard of me.I'm very famous.
So... Sober me up, please!"
What if I get sober...
and I'm still the same awful personI've always been,
only more... sober?
I think that is a very real possibility.
-Don't be shitty.-I'm not.
Rehab is not a cure-all that's gonnasuddenly make you not an asshole.
Then why are we doing this?Let's turn around and go home.
-You wanna go home?-Is that okay?
Look, you have two options.
You can go back homeand try to do things your way,
like you've been doing all your life,
or you can see what these guyshave to offer.
I don't understandwhy you're being so nice to me.
After everything you know about me,all the shit I put you through.
When I was in high school,I had this friend. Abby.
She was my only friendand we did everything together,
until she got adopted by the cool kidsand then she turned on me...
so fast.
She used every secret she knew about me,every vulnerability.
She made me miserablemy entire sophomore year.
But then that summerwhen her mom got sick, like really sick,
and all her cool friends were offvacationing in Martha's Vineyard,
-I was there for her.-Why?
Because I'm an idiot. And it was Abby.
And I hated her,and I will never forgive her,
but she needed me and...she was my best friend and I loved her.
And now... you're here, and I hate you,
but you're my best friend,and you need me.
[inhales, exhales]
You know what you're gonna say?You wanna practice?
I'm gonna say,"Hello. I am BoJack Horseman.
Obviously, you know who I am,
because I'm very famous,and also we called ahead.
And I am here because... I need help."
[chuckles]
[door opens, closes]
[car door closes]
[sighs]
[music playing]




Season 6 ep. 1
















[BoJack] Sarah Lynn.
Sarah Lynn?
[stammers] I don't have a lot to tell.She called me.
She sounded a little off. I... [sighs]
So, I drove to the planetarium,and I found her passed out.
I called 911 right away,but it was too late.
[crickets chirping]
-I'm so sorry.-[cries]
I did everything I could.
It's my fault. I'm a terrible mother.
-No. It's no one's fault.-[sobs]
So, you don't knowwhere Sarah Lynn got the heroin from?
-I have no idea.-Alrighty then.
That's the only question I had.
I mean, of course I knewshe was doing a lot of drugs.
But that's who she was. Who I was.
It felt like we could keeppartying forever
-and it wouldn't catch up with us.-Got it. Don't need any more information.
I was in a bad way.
And Sarah Lynn followed me downbecause she thought I was a safe place.
What have I done?
Just to be clear, the case is closed.
You can stop rambling.
[whistles tune]
I gotta make some changes in my life.
Starting now.
[bottles clink]
[gulping]
[distorted theme music playing]
[bell dinging]
-I need help. Hello? Ah!-Checking in.
-Welcome to Pastiches Malibu!-Great.
I see you have the six-week package, so...a hundred thousand dollars, please!
A hundred thou-- Jesus!
Does every room comewith a free bag full of $90,000?
-Can't put a price on clean living.-And yet somehow you found a way.
Before I take you to your room,could we get a selfie?
What? No.
Every client that comes heretakes a picture with me.
Goes on the wall. Kind of a tradition...
I'm not in the mood.I look awful, first of all.
Johnny Depp did it, and he lookedjust as puffy and ghoulish as you do.
Hey, groundhog. I said no.Why don't you go see your own shadow
so I can get six more weeksof "Leave Me the Hell Alone"?
I'm so sorry, sir.
Thank you.Now if you'll kindly direct me to my room,
I would like to beginthe process of healing,
so I can finally stop hurtingthe people around me, dipshit!
♪ You throw a record onAnd your heart is racin' ♪
♪ You start to move aroundWhile you dance in place ♪
♪ And you think you're never wrong ♪
♪ Oh, but you're so-so, honey ♪
-[grunts]-♪ Oh, yeah, you're so-so, honey ♪
[yawns]
[grunts]
♪ You start to sing alongAnd your foot is tappin' ♪
♪ I see you look aroundI caught you peeking at me ♪
♪ You think you got it all ♪
♪ Oh, but you're so-so, honey ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, you're so-so, honey ♪
♪ If I knew I waited too long ♪
♪ I'd find a song to push the time along ♪
♪ Change works so well for you ♪
♪ 'Cause you're so-so, honey ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, you're so-so, honey ♪
[music stops]
[music resumes]
♪ You throw a record onAnd your heart is racin' ♪
♪ You start to move aroundWhile you dance in place ♪
♪ And you start to sing along ♪
♪ Your foot is tappin'Oh, you're so-so ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, you're so-so, honey ♪
[pants, sighs]
Oh.
So, when I went to the country clubfor Sheila's luncheon...
Yes. Let it out.
I had to wear the same suitI had just worn to Sandra's tea party.
-Yeah.-[woman] Oh.
I think of that as my rock bottom. [sobs]
Denise, thank youfor sharing your story. So brave.
Denise, we are powerless
-over our addictions-Uh-huh.
We have a saying in rehab,"Everyone takes a different road
to get to the same city,Soberopolis, USA."
Hold on a sec. What?
BoJack, maybe you could tell uswhen was the first time you drank?
When wasn't the first time I drank?
-Am I right?-[all laugh]
Your last day's tomorrow.
You think you're readyto go back into the world?
I do. I feel good, I feel clear.
You know, just because you cleanedthe tobacco out of your teeth
don't mean it's your wedding day,pardon the expression.
I don't believe that is an expression.
I notice you tend to deflectwhenever I ask you
about the source of your addiction.
I don't deflect.Hey, is that a new tie? Because I love it.
You understand a joke about deflectionis still a deflection, right?
I came here to take responsibilityfor myself,
and all I keep hearing is,"It's not your fault,
you are powerless over your addiction."
-That is the first step.-And while we're at it, why 12 steps?
That is way too many.Nobody wants to do 12 of anything.
Did you see 12 Years a Slave
and think, "Twelve. That's a short numberof years to be a slave"?
-You're deflecting again.-I'm here because I made choices.
Nobody made me drink.
My addiction didn't pull a knife on me
and say, "Hey, bub! Drink this alcohol,or I'm gonna strangle you.
After I put down this knife,which now seems unnecessary."
-We have a saying in the sober community.-No kidding.
"We want what our addictionswant us to want,
in the same way that our futureis just a house built from the materials
of our present on the blueprintthat is our past."
See, usually the point of sayingsis they illustrate complicated concepts
via straightforward allegory.
I really admirethat your sayings don't do that.
If you don't wanna be here,you don't have to wait until tomorrow.
The gate code is 12,for the number of steps,
then my mom's birthday,which is March 4th, '56.
So, the gate codeis one, two, three, four, five, six?
You can leave whenever you'd like.But is that really what you want?
[sighs] No.
It's so beautiful.
And I know a lot about art
because my husband ownsa Jackson Pollock. [chuckles]
My dad owns a signed pictureof Kevin Pollak.
-[yelps]-What about you, BoJack?
Did you grow up in a housewith a lot of art?
Well, my parents practicedthe art of being terrible parents.
[laughter]
BoJack, you can't joke your waythrough this.
Everyone else in this groupis trying hard to be honest.
Really? Everyone's being honest?
Doug over here,who keeps dressing in a suit and tie
even though he's never gettinghis finance job back?
-[woman gasps]-Oh! Savage!
And Joan Tripplehorn?
We all know you're just Jeanne Tripplehornwearing fake glasses!
-[all gasp]-[chuckles] What? No!
I'm Jeanne's identical twin Joan.
Mm, Jeanne Tripplehorn. Not an alcoholic.
And that guy with the fake mustacheis obviously actor Jay Hernandez
who's just here to do research for a role.
-[all gasp]-No. I'm a no "Hernandez."
Like I say, my name is Mario.Directed by Zack Snyder.
I'm addicted to pain pills from breakingtoo many bricks on my head.
BoJack's right! You all suck!
-Yeah, well, let's talk about Jameson.-Uh...
-I'd rather you not.-She would love to get sober
but still has her friend McCaitlynsneak her water bottles
filled with vodka every visiting day.
-[all gasp]-Jameson?
-Um...-Have you been smuggling in alcohol?
How is this my fault?I blame water for being vodka-colored!
This is your fifth time in rehab.
-Maybe it's a sign it's not working, huh?-BoJack...
Everyone, just as a general rule,
if you're checking into rehabmore than once,
-either you're a lost cause...-[all gasp]
...or this is just an industrythat profits off of repeat customers,
so maybe they don't haveyour best interest at heart.
-Oh!-How's that for honest?
Mamma mia.
-[blows]-[door opens]
Hey, snitch! I only sneak in vodka
because I have to make it throughsix weeks of this bullshit.
I don't even need to be here.
My dad totally overreactedwhen he found me not breathing.
Yeah, it's alwayssomeone else's fault, right?
-You have no idea what I've been through.-I know everything you've been through.
I listen in group!Your mom died of cancer.
Your dad stuck you in boarding schooland remarried.
And now there's a new babyand no one pays attention to you.
But it's not his faultyou're drinking in rehab.
I was sober for most of last year
and he just waited for me to slip upso he could ship me here
so I wouldn't embarrass himand ruin his new perfect family--
Hey, if you don't wanna be here,
the gate code is one, two,three, four, five, six.
You could sneak out the upstairs windowafter midnight bed check
by tying your sheets into a rope
and nobody would noticeyou're gone until wake-up.
But... is that what you really want?
Ugh!
[door closes]
[studio audience laughing]
Holy sheet!
I've heard of being at the endof my rope...
but this is ridiculous!
Why would Sabrina run away like that?
Because I had to break it to her that youweren't going to be her new mommy,
international supermodel Cindy Crawfish!
When I was flying to Parisfor Paris Fashion Week
and my private plane crashedinto your backyard,
the one thing I never expectedwas to find someone so special.
-Oh.-[both chuckle]
[audience] Aw!
-Cut! That's a five, everyone!-[bell ringing]
So, look, you're doing everything great.
I'm loving your instincts, it's dead on,couldn't be better, perfect.
The one problem is the kiss got an "aw."
It's supposed to get an "Ooh!"
-Right?-I'm nervous, okay?
This is my first on-camera kiss,and it's with Cindy Crawfish.
You know how many guys would killto be in your shoes?
What do I gotta do?
Kiss you on the lips myselfto show you what a real kiss looks like?
-[kisses]-Ha-ha-ha!
-No. I'll handle it.-Well, I sure as hell hope so.
[gulps] Mm.
-Hey, what's in this orange juice?-Just a little extra punch.
Oh. No, no, I don't--
Trust me. It'll loosen you up.
The one thing I never expected...
was to find someone so special.
-[Cindy] Hmm!-[audience] Ooh!
-[Herb] Love it! Cut and scene!-[bell ringing]
Hey, no way, the party's just beginning.Let's do one more take!
-You up for more acting, Cindy?-[audience whooping]
Well, if it's for the show.
Hey, Sharona,how 'bout some more of that OJ?
-[Jameson grunting] Whoa! Ow.-Huh?
[panting]
Holy sheet.
I've heard of being at the end of my rope,but this...
is very serious!
-[exhales]-Jameson!
Don't cut the string that connects youto the kite that is you!
-[scoffs] What?-I don't know!
I was just trying to come upwith one of those dumb rehab sayings!
McCaitlyn told me Dathanwas thinking of breaking up with me
because I got fat junior year.
So, I need to go show himthat I'm back to being hot.
Then break up with himfor being a shallow buck foy!
You don't need to do that.
Oh, what does it matter?We both know this place is bullshit!
So, why do you care what I do?
Because I'm the idiotwho helped you escape.
So, if you OD tonight,
then I'm the one who'll have to lieto everyone about what happened.
Well, I'm going.
You can come with me if you want.
[sighs] God damn it.
[party music playing]
[Jameson chuckles] Oh!
This is your boyfriend's house?
-You can't go in there.-I'll be fine.
I'll just find Dathan,crush him with my thigh gap,
-and then we can go.-[sighs]
Okay.
Dathan? Where are you?
It's me, Jameson H.!
[people laughing]
[gasps]
[panting]
[panting continues]
-[knocking on door]-[boy] Hey, who's in there?
-Um...-Is someone having sex in there?
I think there are peoplehaving sex in there.
Hey, it was just the nerd.
Definitely no one having sex in here.
-[thuds]-[grunts]
Um. Oh. Mm.
You're BoJack from Spanish 1, right?
-Uh, yeah. I mean, sí!-[chuckles]
Okay. "Sí" ya around. [chuckles]
Ah, yeah, bye, Katie.
Ugh.
-Hey! You want a beer, Horseman?-Oh, no, thank you.
I mean, drinking's cool,it's just that we're underage,
-and, you know, the law---I'm lifting 178 right now.
-[keg clangs]-[chuckles]
You know what? I'll have one beer.
[pops]
Okay, who am I? Who am I?
-"I'm Eric from chemistry class!"-[laughter]
That's so Eric! [chuckles]
He is so in chemistry class!
Speaking of losers, there's Josh!
Look, he's wearing K-Mart shoesbecause his family's poor!
[laughter]
Katie's not laughing because she alwaysthinks she's better than everyone.
Hey, remember last yearwhen one of Katie's boobs
grew bigger than the other?
[groans] "Look at me, I'm Katie!"
[laughter continues]
[Katie sobs]
-Hey, you want some?-Oh, yeah. Bartender, one more.
[sighs]
-[Jameson screaming]-[gasps]
-What's wrong?-Dathan's sucking McCaitlyn's face!
Oh, my God. Jameson.
Okay. It is not what it looks like,I swear.
You're still doing it!
-I tried to make it easy on you, Jameson.-[both moaning]
I told you things weren't going great.
Oh, Dathan, touch my boob.
Do not touch her boob!
Jameson, it's not my fault you're a mess.
I mean, how many timeshave you been to rehab?
Yeah, Jameson.
[cries]
[Dathan and McCaitlyn moaning]
[crying]
Look, it's okay.You were gonna break up with him anyway.
-And your friend sucks.-No, they're right.
I'm a mess. And no one cares.God damn it! I might as well drink.
-No. You don't need a drink.-[grunts]
You need to get back to bedand get some sleep.
You're right. I'm gonna go homeand sleep in my bed!
And when my dad shows upto ask why I'm not in rehab,
I'll be like, "Maybe you should goto rehab for your addiction
to being a shitty dad, Dad!"
Okay, Jameson,you need to be responsible for yourself.
Now, I think that you should come backto Pastiches with me, like you promised.
But if you wanna go to your dad's house,all you have to do is steal Dathan's car,
and I heard Michele with one "L"is about to jump naked into the pool,
so everyone's gonna be distracted,which means this is the perfect time.
-But is that really what you want?-[car engine revving]
-[Jameson] Bye, BoJack! Thanks!-What the...
God damn it! [grunts]
Stupid... [mumbling]
-Oh.-[touch tones beeping]
[buzzing]
[sniffs] Hello?
I need you to find the addressof some rich guy.
-BoJack?-All I know for sure
is that he's the father of a girlnamed Jameson, who's super annoying.
I'm going to assume you have a good reasonto locate a girl
in the middle of the night,but I can't help you.
Fine! Be that way. Todd'll help me.
-Can you patch me through to Todd?-What? Call him yourself.
I don't know his number.
I only remember your number because it wassuch a dumb number with all those fours.
Four, four, six, four...
My phone numberhas a normal amount of fours.
You are not gonna make meself-conscious about--
And it ends with a three!
Talk about an anti-climax!
What kind of phone numberends with a three?
Shut up about my phone number!
-Hold for Todd.-[beeps]
Todd's phone. Your one-stop shopfor all your Todd-related needs.
Todd, I need you to track downan address for me.
You're the world's best hacker, right?
Yeah, but not the kind of hackeryou're thinking of.
-Funny story---Okay, I gotta go.
-I'm at Coachella...-Uh-huh.
Put my name on the wrong list,
suddenly I've enteredinto a hacky sack competition!
-Right.-Prior to these events,
-I've never hacked a sack in my life.-Uh-huh.
But the only other contender isthe Russian ringer they flew in special,
so I'm thinking,
-"I've gotta win this for America!"-Uh-huh.
Long story short, the Russian hada heart attack, so I won by default!
Uh, does that answer your question?
I don't remember my question,but I'm gonna guess no.
-Oh, hold on, I'm getting another call.-[beeps]
Todd's phone!Spare the Todd, spoil the child!
Did you get the black marketporcupine milk?
Yeah, I'll bring it right over.
Although, I'm not looking forwardto getting on a crowded bus
-in Porcupine Town.-[grunts]
-Hold on. Getting another call.-[phone buzzes]
Hey, superstar!How are things goin' on set?
Well, the movie itselfis coming together beautifully,
but when I was on breakplaying with my model helicopter,
it crashed into the studio water tower.
-Oh, no!-It gets worse!
It flooded the set of former VJ DowntownJulie Brown's new puppet show.
-What?-Completely ruining her vintage
goose-feather dressshe just bought
and disrupting the big finale
where her wooden puppet playsBeethoven's Fifth on the bongos!
Wait. You're telling meyour dumb drone downed a tower
and drowned Downtown Julie Brown'sdummy drumming dum-dum-dum-dum,
dousing her newly found,goose-down, hand-me-down gown?
-Yes, that is exactly right!-I'll be right down.
-Todd, I gotta go.-[beeps]
-Hmm.-[beeps]
[muffled music playing over speakers]
-So, sounds like rehab's goin' well, huh?-No!
[groaning]
Hey, give me my phone back.
I'm expecting some timely feedbackon an important dick pic.
Hey, do you know where Jameson lives?
Jameson H.? Or Jameson Q.?
-Ugh, I don't know.-Or Jameson M.?
Where is the nearest Jameson?
-[door closes]-[BoJack] Whoa.
Is that the carfrom Ferris Bueller's Day Off?
Yeah, my dad loves movie memorabilia.And this car is his baby.
At least... No, it was his babybefore the new baby came.
Now the new baby's the baby,which means the car is the new me,
so where does that leave me? Nowhere.
What are you talking about?
He threw out all of my stuffand turned my room into the baby's room.
He got rid of my softball trophies,but he loves his stupid bat, naturally.
-And his dumb stupid car!-Whoa, whoa, whoa!
-[crying]-Parents are terrible.
But destroying thingsisn't gonna change them.
All you can change is you.
Ugh. Fine.
If I'm gonna get lectured anyway,I may as well go back to rehab.
-[glass shattering]-[woman moans]
Dad, you there?
Mom said since you didn't come home,I should bring you your dinner.
And she said to tell you she hopesyou like cold, burnt pot roast
that was spit on.
-[woman moaning]-Huh?
Dad?
There it is, coax it out of my sheath.
[gasps]
BoJack! What the devil!
I-- I'll get right on that memo,Mr. Horseman.
Okay, let me... Oops, oh. [chuckles]
Okay, let me just...Oh, you look so cute. Bye-bye. All right.
-What were you doing, Dad?-Oh.
It's fun to have youat the office, BoJack.
-You're really turning into a man.-I am?
I think you're old enough nowto have a Jack and Coke.
Mm, nice and sweet.
Here's to our first drinkas father and son.
[car horns honking]
[groans]
Huh?
-Did I fall asleep? I feel sick.-[laughs]
You went a little wild.You made a mess on my carpet, BoJack.
I think your motherwould be very disappointed in you.
I'm sorry.
Maybe it's best if we both just forgotabout everything that happened tonight.
-Okay, buddy?-Okay.
You know what? Screw your dad.
Whoa!
Hey! That's the titular clubfrom The First Wives Club.
You're just a kid.
Why do you have to be responsiblefor all the ways he screwed you up?
Yeah!
[grunts]
It's not my fault I was born!He's the one who got my mom pregnant!
Yeah, and I bet your mom sucked too!
[gasps] Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Chick ch'ka... Oh, no.
-Oh, my...-[thuds]
-[both sigh]-[car squeaks]
[glass cracking]
-Wha...-Oh, boy.
-[door opens]-[baby crying]
What the hell are you doing?
That's the giant window from The Graduate!
Oh.
Daddy, I didn't wanna leave rehab,but this scary old horse made me!
Hi, cutie! Mwah!
Okay, I'm ready to go back to rehab now.I'll go wait in the car!
Jameson... [sighs]
-Listen---Are you drunk or high?
-What?-Are you drunk or high right now?
-No.-[sighs]
I'm sorry she roped you into this.
You're not the first guy to help herbreak out of that rehab.
They always end up at my house.
And then they want me to keep quietto the press,
so they give me a souvenirfrom one of their movies.
I could send you a swag bagfrom Felicity Huffman's Booty Academy,
but you should probably wash the thongbefore wearing it.
I don't know what to do with Jameson.I've tried everything.
I thought she would changeafter she had her baby, but...
[baby cooing]
Change is hard.
Takes a long time.
[sighs]
Let me guess,she wanted to see her boyfriend?
Actually...
she told me she just wantedto come here to see her baby.
[sighs] Wouldn't that be nice?
Bye, Daddy! Love you!
-Ugh. Sorry my dad's so embarrassing.-Jesus Christ.
You have no idea how lucky you are.
I wish I had someone when I was your age
who cared about me enoughto put me in rehab.
Yeah, maybe.
Well, anyway, thanks for keeping meout of trouble tonight.
Really?
It was a worth a try.Ready to sneak back in?
I'm getting too old to sneak inand out of places.
All right.
[bell dinging]
-Checking in?-No.
I just snuck out and I'm coming back,
so, you know, put me downfor kitchen clean-up duty
or whatever the punishment isfor sneaking out.
No, I don't think you've been here before.
Everyone who's been here beforeis humble enough
to take a picture with me.
[sighs] Yeah. Okay.
Sign me up for six weeks. Starting now.
-And a picture?-Sure.
-Cheese!-[camera shutter clicks]
[melancholic piano music playing]
[record playing]
[snoring]
[whimpers]
[gulps]
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ Bojack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'm just tryingTo make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪




Season 6 ep. 2
















[Mr. Peanutbutter]If there's one thing I've learned
from this crazy mambo called life,
it's that anyone can be a birthday father,but it takes a heart full of birthdays
to be a true Birthday Dad.
-♪ Got a heart full of birthday-- ♪-[Mr. Peanutbutter] Stop! Go back!
There it is.
-[snoring]-Please tell me you guys see that.
Oh! Loo-- looks great! Uh, love it!
What's wrong with your face?
I just don't buy it,Director Flea Daniels.
That just doesn't look like the honest,trustworthy face of a Birthday Dad.
What?
This is clearly the faceof a guy who did something terrible,
like, I don't know,cheat on his girlfriend
with his ex-wife a couple of times,
and instead of confessingto his girlfriend, asked her to marry him,
so now they're engaged,and she still has no idea.
Can't you see he's racked with guilt? It's all over his very handsome face!
Did Birthday Dad cheat on his girlfriend?
No, I'm just saying he looks like he did.We have to re-edit the scene.
No. You've been dragging this outwith your ridiculous tweaks and demands
for what is the stupidest premiseI've ever seen.
I gotta go prep my next film,The Diary of Anne Frankenstein.
-Birthday Dad is over.-Huh? No, I'm over!
Over the moon about continuing to workon this project!
-Go home.-[door opens]
Wha-- [sighs]Hey, do you wanna keep hanging out?
Let's go raid a greeting-card aisleand come up with our next project!
Detective John GetWellSoon,Officer Mike Condolences,
President Blank Inside!
Uh, I should probably get home to my baby.
Oh! Congrats on your new baby...
is another great idea for a movie!
[exhales] Yeah. Sounds like fun.
[toy squeaks]
-[baby crying]-[sighs]
[theme music playing]
-[baby crying]-Oh, Renata, I'm so sorry I'm late.
Third time this week.
-I quit.-Oh! No! Renata!
Who will take care of Natalie, or Needles,or whatever her name ends up being?
Would you stay if I named her Renata?
I understand you are very respectedin your field, so I ask you this:
would you work for a clientwho has no regard for your time,
your personal boundaries,and your general well-being?
Yes, that's all my clients.
Well, she is your client now.
Good luck.
[coos]
-[crying]-Oh.
[grunts]
Come on. [echoes]
Ooh, there ya go. There ya go. [echoes]
[shushing]
-[baby crying]-Ooh. [echoes]
[crickets chirping]
[sighs]
[coos]
[sighs]
-[baby crying]-[groans]
Mommy's coming.
[shushes]
Okay. Nanny quits. No sweat.
It just so happens it's NationalTake-Your-Infant-Daughter-To-Work--
While-You-Desperately-Try-To-Hire-A-New-Nanny--
And-Neither-One-Of-You-Has-Slept-A-Wink Day!
That sounds fun.I gotta go to a bunch of meetings today.
-Or as I call it, Todd-day.-Todd-day, yes, I'm aware.
-What meetings?-After I got fired
from What Time Is It Right Now,suddenly everyone else wanted to meet me.
That's marvelous!Have fun failing upwards!
I always do!
[baby crying]
-[grunts]-[lullaby plays over speakers]
Come on. [groans]
-[engine starts]-[baby stops crying]
[ringing]
-[crying]-[gasps]
-[phone beeps]-Hey, there! Shh. Here ya go.
Sorry, I can tell I'm interruptingyour meeting with David O. Russell,
so I'll make this quick.
I'm making a list of peopleI need to apologize to.
-Oh?-Yeah.
And I don't wanna waste your timewith another apology.
How thoughtful.
But do you remember the nameof that assistant from, like, 20 years ago
who I screamed at for bringing mea room-temp Capri Sun
and told to quit the business?Whatever happened to that guy?
Derek? I think he quit the business.
So, I gave him good advice, then?
Hey, what do you think of Rileyfor a girl's name?
No good. I slept with a Riley once.Didn't end well.
-How about---Maybe you should not ask me
about any women's names.
-[elevator dings]-[baby crying]
[indistinct chattering]
-Ooh! Loud baby.-Stuart!
I need you to clear my schedulefor the day.
My number one priorityis finding a new nanny.
Uh-huh. Also, I was supposed to remind youabout the Manatee Fair photo shoot
for the "Hollywoo WomenWho Do It All" issue.
Oh, yeah. When is that happening?
-Right now.-What?
-I was supposed to remind you yesterday.-[groans]
Princess Carolyn, why am I not lookingat your pretty kitty face
at my photo shoot, so I can decide laterwhich parts to retouch?
-I don't think I can make it, Amanda.-Too bad. Vanessa Gekko's here.
Gekko? Well, that's fine if Vanessa needsto get the word out
about her struggling business,but I'm too busy doing it all
to pose for a photoof "Women Who Do It All."
Well, sure, I know that,and you know that, but does the industry?
I've got two words for you: Karen Kitada.
[Princess Carolyn]The creator of Med School Nights?
[Amanda] Karen Kitada createdthe number one show on network television
and its spin-off,Med School Nights: The Day Shift.
Everyone wanted to work with her,everyone!
She had more overall deal offersthan an OshKosh B'gosh outlet.
-Then a baby fell out of her!-[Princess Carolyn] Well, that's--
[Amanda] She took three weeks off.Three weeks!
And when she came back,Tumbleweeds, Crickets...
And those are just two of the projectsshe wasn't offered
because the studios were dubiousabout her priorities.
-Do you have the right priorities?-Of course I do!
Then prove it!
Leave your work and get your picture takenfor my magazine.
-If not for you, do it for Karen Kitada.-[cell phone beeps]
[Amanda's voice echoes]Kitada, Kitada, Kitada...
[line ringing]
[ringing]
-[phone beeps]-Hello?
Todd, I have to go to a photo shoot.
I need you to take the babyfor an hour or so.
[Todd] Well, you knowhow much I love hanging out
-with Untitled Princess Carolyn Project...-[snores]
Sure, I'd be happy to.
Great. I'll see you at VIM in 15 minutes.
Um... okay?
[Amanda's voice echoes]Kitada, Kitada, Kitada, Kitada...
How do you do it all?
I just think of myself as having multipleapps running at the same time.
I have my mom app, and my career app,and my wife app, and my yoga body app,
and they're all just constantly going,all the time.
-Princess Carolyn.-Amanda! Vanessa!
You've met my oldest, Yancy Charlemagne?
-'Sup.-Charmed.
And where is your little precious ballof wonderful?
I didn't know we were supposedto bring our kids.
It's a photo shootfor "Women Who Do It All."
The kids are part of the "All,"otherwise we'd just be "Women Who Do."
-[sighs]-[phone dialing]
[phone rings]
-Hello?-Todd. Change of plans.
[Amanda's voice echoes]Kitada, Kitada...
Come on. Shh. Please, not now.
-And who is this adorable pin cushion?-[baby crying]
I haven't even had a spare minuteto think of a name.
It's a lot of pressure.
I don't want my daughter to resent mefor the rest of her life
because I named hersomething stupid like...
[stammers] Light Socket.
-Aw...-Don't listen to her, Light Socket.
-She's just jealous.-Uh-oh. Sorry!
And what have you been working onthat's been keeping you so busy?
We just locked picture on Birthday Dadwith Mr. Peanutbutter.
That sounds awfully masculine.
-Dad, mister...-Nut?
-Pean?-Right, but I'm producing it, so...
Strong independent woman. Doing it all.
Oh, it sounds like you're doing-it-allfor yourself,
but the new doing it allis doing it all for other women.
Oh, yeah, well, the twistabout Birthday Dad is the women
have equal screen time to the menin the movie,
and the same number of birthdays!
-Very subversive.-Less man. More Leslie Mann.
Cut out what you need to.If it makes sense, that's a bonus.
Gotta go!
Ladies, we have got to find timeto connect like this more often.
This is so empowering.
We could put togethera kind of low-key salon
where women exchange ideasand support each other.
With bagels!
I'd be more than happy to host,and take care of the caterer, and emcee.
You know, it all!
-I'll co-host!-In that case, why not blow it out?
-Let's make it an event.-Oh, well--
Princess Carolyn, VIM has that massivefoyer that never has anyone waiting in it.
-[gasps] You could finally put it to use!-We could.
Move that. That's too close to the wall.
And I happen to know the Fugeeshave been looking for the right time
to do a reunion concert.
Should I call Lauryn? Hill?I call her Lauryn.
A concert? Well, that'll take some timeto put together.
Bring it on a little bit. Move it upa quarter of an inch. Do you mind?
Since it's on your turf,I'll focus on the big-picture stuff
and leave all the organizationand planning to you.
-I wouldn't wanna step on your toes.-We wouldn't want that.
-Thanks for stepping up, Princess Carolyn.-Uh-huh...
[photographer] Okay! Watch the birdie!One, two, three!
-[baby wails]-[Princess Carolyn shouts]
[baby crying]
[Amanda's voice echoes]Kitada, Kitada, Kitada, Kitada...
Do it for Karen Kitada, Kitada, Kitada...
Do it for Karen Kitada, Kitada, Kitada...
Do it for Karen Kitada, Kitada, Kitada...
-Do it for Karen Kitada...-[gasps]
-Ah!-[baby hisses]
[sighs]
[sighs]
[baby crying]
[groaning]
-[phone rings, beeps]-[wearily] Hello?
Just wanted to give youa super quick update
on all the dietary restrictionsfor the Do-It-Al-Ball.
It's a ball now?
A ball, a gala,whatever you wanna call it.
It was just supposed to be a bagels.
Bagels. Balls. Is this really the Laurynyou want to die on?
-What?-Sorry, I meant hill. I call her Lauryn.
[giggles]
Maybe I should call you backwhen I can write this down.
-I'm---The Fugees are in, and they love fruit,
especially Fuji apples,but they're not fans of Fiji water.
Fuji for the Fugees, but no Fiji.Got it. [shushes]
Marian is a vegetarian, Meagan is vegan,and Carrie and a few other luminaries,
like Gerwig and Larson, won't eat dairy.
Cloister the oysters,say ta-ta to the tartare,
make sure there's no feta for Gretaor brie for Brie!
Perfect. Is that a fussy baby I hear?
Here's a little trick I learned.[clears throat]
♪ Bye ♪
[coos]
-[phone beeps]-[groans]
[Amanda's voices echoing]Kitada, Kitada, Kitada...
[phone ringing, beeps]
Diane, hey!Look, now isn't really the best time.
I came up with a bunch moregreat baby names
while I was interviewingthis boring senator.
-Huh?-Okay, but--
Jacinda, like the New Zealandprime minister
who had a baby while in office.
Or what about Ravital,which is Hebrew for an abundance of dew.
Is it weird I haven't picked a name yet?
Ah! Don't worry about it.
My parents didn't name me until I was fourand I turned out great, right?
-Right?-Listen, I gotta go. Bye!
Wait! What about Lucretia? [sighs]
So, you were saying your wifewent missing in this wheat field?
[groans angrily]
-Oh, there she is!-[woman hums]
Move the vase over there.Those flowers are dead.
Princess Carolyn, the band changedtheir mind about the apples.
They'd prefer sweeter ones for this event.But they're okay with Fiji if it's frigid.
Okay, I follow so far.
For this gala, Gala apples over Fujifor the Bee Gees-- I mean, Fugees.
But we have to keep their Fujis frigid.
-Got it.-No, their Fijis frigid.
Right. That's what I meant.
Also, it turns out Marian is pescatarian,and Meagan is no longer vegan,
but she is refusing to sitnext to Chrissy Teigen.
And now Carrie eats just dairy.
Okay. Marian - pescatarian.Meagan - not vegan,
but does hate Teigen.
-Carrie loves dairy. Got it.-[phone beeps]
Gala for the gala,but Fugees like Fiji and frigid Fuji--
-Fiji! Fish!-[giggles]
-Oh, you think that's funny?-[giggles]
[phone rings]
-[phone beeps]-And how's my favorite client?
It's me. I stole Mr. Peanutbutter's phone.
I had to-- Wait. Is Mr. Peanutbutteryour favorite client?
Let's circle back on that.What's goin' on?
Your "favorite client" just showed upat my rehab
-for the friends and family meeting.-The what?
Not important. But can you pleasecome collect your "favorite client"?
-Yeah. Hang tight.-[phone beeps]
[groans, sighs]
-Okay.-Thanks.
Fuji koojee koojee, Greta feta, Brie brie.
-[phone rings]-Oh, hi, Brie-- I-I mean, Flea.
-[shouts] What did you do to my film?-We had to make some edits.
You mixed all the flashbacks togetherwith the present-day scenes,
the relationships are incomprehensible,we don't even know how Birthday Dad dies!
Audiences are sophisticated.
We don't need to spell everything outfor them.
It's 42 minutes long, and it endsin the middle of a sentence!
-Leaving room for a sequel!-I ain't got time for this.
I'm prepping a sensitivecoming-of-age movie
about a young girl in hiding,
built out of the reanimated corpsesof other young girls in hiding.
In spite of everything, me still believepeople good, fire bad!
Not now, Chloë Grace.
So, Birthday Dad needs another pass.
-You can still---No. Deuces. I'm outta here.
As the Nazi scientists learnin my new film that I'm just now realizing
is in possibly poor taste,there are only so many times
you can take something apartand put it back together.
[Flea's voice echoes] Put itback together, put it back together...
Gala for the gala. Fugees...
-So here I am, digging a hole---Fiji-- Oh, excuse me.
I have to pick up my Peanutbutterat Pastiches
and get back to Fiji for the Bee Gees--
I mean Fuji for the Mujis.
Your arm looks pretty ripped up.Is that all from needles?
Yeah, my baby's needles.
Uh, listen, we're about to gohave some chamomile tea
and do a little guided meditation.Why don't you join us?
Well, I guess a quick break couldn't hurt.
[camera shutter clicks]
[sighs]
-Hey.-[Princess Carolyn groans]
-Hey.-[yawns]
Hey, you okay?You've been asleep for a really long time.
Huh? What? [gasps]
[groans] Why am I here? Mr. Peanutbutter?
-Oh, yeah! Mr. Peanutbutter.-♪ Who's that dog? ♪
-Birthday Dad is over.-Huh? No, I'm over!
Over the moon about continuing to workon this project!
Go home.
[Pickles] And I was like,"Ilana, you have to be my maid of honor."
Um...
And then my other friend Ilana was like,"Were you talking to me?"
Typical Other Ilana, always assumingshe's the Ilana I'm talking about.
[sighs] Okay.
 Hello, darling!
[pants] He's home, he's home,he's home, he's home, he's home!
Say hi to the Pickle Pack, Mister!
[chuckles] Hello, internet!
Keep up the good workwith all those charming memes!
I love the one where the boyfriendis looking at the other lady
and his girlfriend turns to himwith this expression of tremendous pain.
How could this man, who claimsto love her, betray her so flagrantly?
That is a very sad meme.
-Uh... okay. Bye, Pickle Pack!-[phone beeps]
-What is going on?-What do you mean?
You've been acting different.
I first noticed it the nightof the Philbert premiere,
when you came home latesmelling like Diane,
and then after a while,things went back to normal.
But then you got real weird againright around that time
BoJack went to rehab.
Right before you proposed that day,you also smelled like Diane. [sniffs]
-Oh, my God. I get what's happening.-Pickles--
-You feel guilty.-You're right.
-I feel so guilty because I chea---Because your good friend's in rehab.
Chiefly feel guilty becausemy good friend's in rehab, like you said.
Why don't you go visit him
if this is the thingthat's been weighing on you.
It is. The one thing.
-BoJack Horseman...-[gasps]
-...and Mr. Peanutbutter in the same room?-Oh, God, no.
-This can't be happening. Um...-What is this?
Hello! Are you herefor the friends and family meeting?
-No---You're the first friend
-that BoJack's invited.-I don't even remember getting invited.
-I did not invite---I'm proud of you, BoJack.
-Hey, I'm Doctor Champ.-Mr. Peanutbutter.
-[BoJack groans]-Hey! Your name's Mister?
-My name's Doctor!-How about that!
Wait, is Doctor Champ just your name?Are you not a doctor?
Five-minute warning everyone.Five minutes.
Come on, BoJack,let's get some good seats!
-[chuckles]-We're sitting in a circle.
They're all good seats.
How can I make up for all the lies,the stealing, the cheating?
She says we can make a fresh start,but is that even possible?
-Hmm...-[indistinct chattering]
I'm sorry, can we go back to the cheating?Did you tell her about that?
Oh, Mr. Peanutbutter, we don't interruptwhen others are sharing.
Just looking for a little context.
Why don't you go looking in your car?Maybe you left it there.
BoJack, don't interruptMr. Peanutbutter, he's sharing.
-No. But he---But, but, but. Butts are for cigarettes.
Thank you, Doctor Champ.
As I was saying, I think Dougneeds to be honest with his wife
before they can move forward.
-[all] Mmm.-You're right. I need to tell her.
But on the other hand,maybe that's just your guilt talking.
Isn't it sometimes better to letsleeping dogs lie?
I-I assume your fiancée is a dog?
She's my wife, and she's human.
Okay, so your fiancée.Let's say her name is... Pickles.
-Wait, uh...-She doesn't know,
and she's happy not knowing.
Wouldn't telling her nowjust cause additional pain?
-[all] Uh-huh.-So, it's better not to tell her?
Oh, well, that's really convenientfor you, Doug!
-No, I didn't---Hey, everyone, look at "Doug"
deciding that the best option
just happens to be the onewhere he doesn't get in trouble!
-Mr. Peanutbutter---But that's just Doug all over, isn't it?
Classic, stupid, selfish,inconsiderate Doug!
[indistinct chattering]
Wow. Those are harsh words.
But I needed to hear them. Thank you.
Uh...
[sighs]
Look, I don't knowwhat's going on with you,
although I'm pretty sure either youor Doug cheated on Pickles,
but I understand that feeling of needingto bottle up your guilt,
not burden other people with it.
-Yeah?-You think you're protecting them
from your toxicity, you convince yourselfthat you're being selfless, but...
it comes out in other waysand it infects everything.
[sighs]
I could use a drink.Is there a bar in here?
♪ Mr. Peanutbutter ♪
So, then I said, "No. It's rehab."And then he left. That was two days ago.
Two days ago? Oh, my God, the gala!
Yeah, and you're probably worriedabout your baby, too, right?
Oh, my God, my baby!
[line ringing]
Come on, Todd.Pick up, pick up, pick up, pick up.
Hey! I was wondering if I'd hearfrom you Todd-day.
Yes-Todd-Day, I thought,"Maybe I'll hear from her Todd-morrow!"
Is Untitled Princess Carolyn Project okay?
-She sure is.-Oh, thank God.
Wait, you're talking aboutUntitled Princess Carolyn Project,
the baby, right?
Who else would I be talking about?
Well...
-Mr. Knickerbocker will see you now.-Great!
[phone ringing]
Oh, hold on one second.
-[phone beeps]-Hello?
Todd, I have to go to a photo shoot.
I need you to take the babyfor an hour or so.
Well, you know how much I love hanging outwith Untitled Princess Carolyn Project,
but I can't Todd-day
-because of all these meetings I have.-[snores]
But if my schedule weren't so busy,I'd say...
-[pop]-"Sure, I'd be happy to."
-Great. I'll see you at VIM in 15 minutes.-[baby crying]
-Um... okay?-[phone beeps]
I'll be right back.[pants] Sorry about that.
[phone rings]
-Hello?-Todd, change of plans.
Bring the baby over to meat SmashFox Studios.
Okay, he had to cancel another meetingbut he will see you now.
-I'll be right back.-[baby cries]
I'm going to level with you, Todd.
You making me wait made me angry,and that made me respect you.
Sorry, things have just been a littlehectic since I've been helping out
with Untitled Princess Carolyn Project.
"Untitled Princess Carolyn Project"?I'm intrigued.
-You think the project has legs?-Yeah, she has legs.
I'm thrilled to meet you.
The whole town is buzzingabout "Untitled Princess Carolyn Project."
Weird, but okay.
We need something big.
Is "Untitled Princess Carolyn Project"
the kind of thingthat makes a lot of noise?
She sure does!
I'm in. Name your price.
Um...
Jonathan?
We took a big swingwith Dick Wolf's Milwaukee shows.
Turns out audiences are not interestedin a whole night of Milwaukee,
so now we've got some slots to fill.
Do you think"Untitled Princess Carolyn Project"
could live for several seasons?
I don't see how those things are related,but I certainly hope so!
-Well, how can I help?-You wanna help?
Let's start with a two-season pick up.
Yeah, sure, pick-up, drop-off,whatever works best for you.
-That would be great.-Great!
[baby giggles]
Well, here she is.What time do you want me to pick her up?
Wait, it's a baby?
-And she has legs!-[coos]
I already canceledMilwaukee Waste Management.
I told the shareholdersthis was gonna save the network!
-We designed the poster!-[coos]
Todd, we need a show. We can't air a baby!
[blows raspberry]
So, long story short,Pinky canceled the baby,
but now we owe him a TV show.
Huh?
So, the show is called Birthday Dad.
The pilot was directed by Flea Daniels,and the show will be run by Karen Kitada.
The creator of Med School Nights?And Med School Nights: The New Class,
Med School Nights Goes to Law School?
-Uh...-This show's about a dad
who died on his birthday,
and every episode,his spirit visits a different
intersectionally representative personon their birthday
to help them workthrough their own issues.
But how are all these characters related?When does the show take place?
How does Birthday Dad die?
Those are mysteries we'll teaseall season!
-Uh-huh.-Birthday Dad, you'll laugh, you'll cry,
-you'll Birthday Dad!-What do you think?
Yeah, like I said, we'll take anything.
[phone ringing, beeps]
-Yeah?-[BoJack] Hey.
Um, so, I don't wanna waste any moreof your time.
I just wanted to say that I knowyou're really busy
and I'm sorry for making your lifemore difficult this week and also always.
Also, I know that my apologiesare pretty much meaningless at this point,
and I'm sorry for that, too.
Why didn't you tell meabout the Friends and Family Meetings?
I don't know. You got so much goin' on,I didn't wanna bother you.
I would have come.
Okay. Thank you.
[elevator dings]
[pants] Did I miss it?Is the Do-It-All-Ball all done?
Yes. We did it all.Good of you to show up, by the way.
Oh, yeah? Well, it's good of you to, uh...
Shut up!
[sighs]
Are you okay?You're not your usual medium-clever self.
Can I ask you something?
So, there's work, right?I mean, work makes sense to me.
And I'm good at it.
I don't feel that way about my baby.
I don't thinkI'm feeling what I'm supposed to feel.
What I thought I would feel.
I mean, I love her, of course I do.
Of course I love my daughter.But... [sighs]
But I don't know if I love her.
I know I'm a terrible personfor even thinking it,
but... what if it never happens?
Do you love all your clients' projects?
-Of course.-No, you don't.
But you take care of themand you keep them alive
-because that's your job, right?-Yeah.
So, now you've got a new job.
And it is a ruthless one,and I mean ruthless.
You don't have time to wastesecond-guessing how you feel about it.
You just have to do itthe best that you can,
and know that that's the best you can do.
You know,[scoffs] we have so much in common.
I don't know why we've spentso many years hating each other.
I never hated you. Did you hate me?
Uh... no.
[cries]
Hey. [shushes] Hey. Please. Listen.
-Did you get the Fijis for the Fugees?-[giggling]
Yeah. Is that silly?
The Fugees were egregiouswhen they got interviewed by Regis.
[both giggling]
Isn't that right...
-Ruthie?-[blows raspberry]
[mellow music playing]




Season 6 ep. 3 
















[Diane] The series is calledCrooshing USA.
[man] What does that mean?
Crooshness is hard to define,but I also don't know it when I see it.
Oop. Pardon my reach.
Well, I'm always trying to get more girlsinterested in agriculture.
You might say I've got my eyes on them.Potato eyes, that is.
-Guy?-[Guy] Mm-hmm.
Hey, girls! It's Diane,outside Idaho's largest potato supplier,
-Starch Farms.-Hello!
Let me get this straight.
Your farm harvests five types of potatoes,two types of onions,
and is also a frontfor a local sex trafficking ring?
-[gasps]-How'd you get started in sex trafficking?
Uh...
[panting]
I don't thinkI'm getting that microphone back.
This is the second straight yearthis Michigan resort's food
has tested positive for avian botulism.
Wow, two years in a row.
It's like the Tom Hanksof poisoning people.
They said the jewelry is safefor humans now,
but I've been wearing thisfor a week, and...
[groans]
Can we get more B-rollso we have something to cut away to
when I have to scratch my nose?
I thought scratching your nosewas your way of saying hello to me.
Don't you find it a little convenientthat the mayor has yet to restore
clean drinking water to this part of--
No, it's quite in-convenient.You think this is convenient?
The East Side is a lower-income area,ergo the residents
are not huge campaign donors, ergo--
No, the mayordidn't target that neighborhood,
he was just that stupidwhen it came to water filtration.
He was just stupid enough to thinkhe wouldn't get caught, ergo--
Say "ergo" one more time.
-Ergo.-Nah.
-No, no, no, no.-[Diane giggles]
This is Diane Nguyen...
This is Diane... This is Di...
This is Diane Nguyen,and that's the Croosh!
-[Guy mumbles] Let me see.-Did you hear
about Philip Morris Disney Fox
AT&amp;T AOL Time Warner PepsiCoHaliburton Skynet Toyota Trader Joe's?
-What about them?-They got acquired by Whitewhale.
Oh, shit.Well, how many companies are there now?
Four? [gasps]
-What is it?-I'm sorry, Diane.
Look, I asked for two beds, I swear.
-Huh.-I mean, this is unprofessional. One bed!
What are we supposed to dowith just one bed?
Quite a pickle.
I should march right back downto that front desk and tell them--
[both moaning]
Thank you... [chuckles]
for helping me with my one bed bit.
-[both moan]-It's a good bit.
[theme music playing]
[BoJack's voice] Dear Diane, hello.
-[Guy snores]-This is a letter.
Rehab is making me write a letterto a friend
because I guess letter writingis therapeutic?
I hear it did wondersfor the Zodiac killer.
Anyway, rehab's going fine.A lot of hikes and movie nights and yoga,
and I think next week,we're doing a color war.
And it's good that I'm here,and it's good that I'm not drinking
or taking pills, but I keep thinkingabout how this isn't real life.
It's summer camp. Temporary. Easy.
As nice as this is, I know that somedayI'll have to go back to the real world.
Hey, Lady, listen, can you put himon the phone, please?
I don't care if he doesn't wannatalk to me. I'm his father. No, Lady--
[Guy groans angrily]
[BoJack's voice] Anyway, that's my letter.
I probably won't even send it,but if you're reading this, I guess I did?
Your friend, BoJack.
P.S. Horseman.
I'm only in Chicago for a week.
I don't think it's selfishto wanna see my son.
Yeah, but you gotta give your ex notice.
Whose side are you on?
Uh... Hey, look out the window.
[Guy] Wow, there she is!
The second windy, muddy,big-shoulders city by the lake.
Look! Willis Tower.Oh, and look, the new Whitewhale building!
You cannot be excitedabout a giant corporation like Whitewhale
setting up shop in your hometown.
I'm just excitedwe got a new big building.
-In your face, Dubai.-[chuckles]
[man gasps and pants]
-Hmm...-Ah...
-Not bad.-It's because the bread
is made from lake water and lard.
-[phone buzzes]-From New York Times, I'm Michael Barbaro.
Today, your phone is ringing.
Here's what you need to know about peoplewho still use their phone to call people.
Hey, Stefani.
Hey, girl!
-No, no, it's Guy.-[Stefani] Hey, Guy!
I got you on speaker. Diane's eatingthe best sandwich of her life.
-It's okay.-[Stefani exhales]
Diane, I lovethat you still eat sandwiches.
Flaws like that are what make yourelatable to regular women.
-[gulps] What?-Meanwhile,
I am adoring your cross-country expositionof the ugly underbelly
of American capitalism.
So croosh.
But I wonder if you could make roomin the rotation
for a few feel-good stories?
Stefani, our videosare making a difference.
Yeah, a difference in how bummed I am.
There's gotta be some good news out there.
-[sighs]-We'll see what we can do!
-Why'd you say yes?-We can do feel-good stories.
What about that girl who opened upa lemonade stand
to pay for her dad's cancer treatment?
How is that a feel-good story?
"Hey, America! We're the only developednation without subsidized healthcare,
so this child joinedthe workforce in a desperate bid
to keep her father alive!"
Okay. How 'bout this?
Local cameraman has a prettygood thing going,
where he gets to travelall over the country
and fool around in hotel rooms withhis beautiful, smart, feisty producer...
and he's pretty surethis passionate, intelligent,
warrior for truth likes it too,
so maybe these two knuckleheadsshould swallow their pride for a second
and make some feel-good videos.
Hey, girls.
-Hey, Diane.-Hey.
Tell meabout the Every Animal Girl Company.
We are two best friendswho got tired of seeing dolls
promoting unrealistic beauty standards.
Take Ginny here.
Most giraffe dolls have necksone inch shorter by scale
than the average girl giraffe.
Not our Ginny.
Her neck is long and proud,for all our necky gals out there.
As a necky gal, I love that.
And is it true that all your dollsare made out of recycled material?
-Uh... No.-Yes!
-Sorry?-Well, traditionally...
-[overlapping dialogue]-The first batch, um...
The important thing iswe're two best friends.
Okay, what's going on?
Uh... [giggles nervously]
Okay. We are excited to announcethat as of today,
the Every Animal Girl Companyhas been purchased by Toys Galore,
a subsidiaryof Whitewhale Consolidated Interests.
Yay! Toys Galore!
-Uh...-Huh?
"Yay..."
A small, independent start-upbought out by a huge conglomerate.
It must be so empoweringto see your success grow.
What a happy story for two best friends.Now, about the recycled materials?
Well, it's unclear what role recyclingwill play in the future of this company.
Right now, we're mainly focusedon empowering young girls
and closing the main Chicago factoryso we can relocate overseas
for cheaper labor.
Right before the holidays!
[clears throat] Feel-good.
[strained] What an exciting,empowering time for you!
I know.
You think you can edit that downinto something feel-goody?
For sure.It'll have to go up late, though,
because I'm having some friends overto watch the game tonight.
God, I'm freezing.
-Aw.-So, you, uh...
-You wanna watch the game with us?-Are you asking me to meet your friends?
No, I just figure,since you're staying with me anyway--
I would be delighted. Wait, it's notthe Chicago Baby Humans game, is it?
It's just a mascot.
[reporter] And there goes Waa-Waa,the Baby Human, stumbling around
like the furless, featherless dolt he is.
What's he got there?Don't drink that poison, you crazy human!
-We don't drink poison.-Diane, he's not a literal human.
Waa-Waa is a tributeto your proud human heritage.
-I'm very flattered.-Anyway, meet the gang.
Everyone, this is Diane. My, um...
Ah... You know, my--The woman that I work with.
-[all] Hi.-[man] 'Sup, dude?
-Hmm...-You okay?
Yeah. Sorry, just-- I'll be right back.
[doorbell rings]
[sighs]
-Diane, I'm really sorry, but---It's fine.
I wasn't expecting, ya know,in front of your friends.
-He just showed up.-We haven't put a label on us.
-I'm not looking for---The speech and debate tournament
-was canceled on account of cyberbullying.-Wait, what are you talking about?
-My son is here. He surprised me.-Oh, shit.
I usually don't bring women around my kidunless it's serious.
-I get it.-Do you mind staying at a hotel?
-Oh, yeah. Totally.-He'll be gone first thing tomorrow.
What if he sees me go out?Is the coast clear?
-You should maybe go out the window.-[grunts]
This makes sense. But what about my stuff?
I'll pack your bagand throw it out to you.
Okay, good. Bye.Thank you for inviting me to your party.
You have a lovely home.
[BoJack's voice] Dear Diane, hello.I am writing you another letter.
Today sucks. There's this new lady here,Beverly, and she took my snack kit.
And that is so classic Beverly.Probably. I just met her.
The whole point of the snack kitsis they're communal, right?
They're these bags full of snacksthat we take on our morning hikes,
and we put them together the night beforeas, like, a team-building thing.
Yesterday, I decided to throw an extra bagof candied nuts into a snack kit,
something just for me.
And I marked my bag with a "B"
so I'd know which one to grabin the morning.
"B" for "BoJack."
-[groans angrily]-But then today, I see Beverly,
who, again, just got here,waltzing around the house
with my snack kit, saying, "Oh, somebodymade a special kit just for me!
B for Beverly!I must have a secret admirer!"
Again, just got here!
-[shivering]-The story of my life
is that I never get anything nice.
You'd think that I'd learn to adjustmy expectations by now.
But, no. Once again,
I was the idiotwho got my hopes up about candied nuts,
and now I am disappointedwith no one to blame but myself.
-[sighs]-Anyway, what's new with you?
[scoffs] Just kidding,you can't say anything, this is a letter!
Okay, talk soon. BoJack.
-[crickets chirping]-[phone buzzes]
From New York Times, I'm Michael Barbaro.
Today, your--
-Hello?-[Stefani] Diane, your last video--
Okay, I know it wasn't as feel-goodas maybe you wanted--
Are you kidding? I feel great!
You made a big impression with the guysat Whitewhale.
-Really?-I'll say. They bought Girl Croosh!
-What?-Well, technically they bought Fuddruckers
and merged it with Dow Chemical to createa new media venture called Spronk!
-[Diane] Hold on---Spronk acquired Univision,
which will incorporate Girl Crooshinto the Gizmodo-branded mist
of advertorial.
-That's terrible!-Not for me! I'm gonna be rich!
-You already are rich!-Oh, yeah! [giggles]
Oops. Well, anyway, good luck with Spronk,which is currently rebranding
as Content Spew.
So spew that content, girl! [giggles]
Bye!
Oh, spronk me.
[sputters]
Pardon our dustwhile we finish construction.
Can I get you a Pepsi Cola?Or anything else from the vast Whitewhale
agglomeration of fine beverages?[sputters]
Uh, I think we're good.
Hmm.
[beep]
-I'm sorry about last night.-It's fine. Let's just watch the movie.
Welcome!Here at Whitewhale Consolidated Interests,
we do it all through the free-market magicof the Whitewhale Way!
[both] That's right, Mr. Whitewhale!
Who? Why? Where?Whence forth are you two,
and how did you manifest in my office?Be gone, ghastly ghouls!
[giggles]We're no spooky specters! My name's Vert!
Vertical Integration!
And I'm Ollie, the Oligopoly.
You summoned us here to tell your newemployees about the Whitewhale Way!
Well, best be quick about it,you unholy apparitions.
The Whitewhale Way was developedby Ezekiel Whitewhale,
who started small with a modest petroleumrefinery he inherited from his father.
[Ollie]One day he looked around and said,
"Wait one minute!
While I'm refining this oil, someone elseis getting rich drilling it,
and another someone's sellin' itto the common commuter!"
So, he bought his own rigand opened a chain of gas stations.
By controlling both the meansof production and the delivery system,
Ezekiel cornered the marketand choked out the competition
until they had no choicebut to sell to him, too!
And that's vertical integration! [burps]
[giggles] Pardon me.
F-f-f-f-fast-forward to the 1980s,
when Jeremiah took our companyto the next level.
[Vert] He bought a telephone company,a sports team, and when he didn't like
the way the newspaperswere talking about him,
-he bought his own newspaper!-[Ollie chomps]
Well, I must have been a hungry whalebecause I just kept gobbling up companies.
Fast-forward to today,and it looks like I gobbled up you!
-[chuckles]-Are we supposed to be charmed by this?
Welcome to the Whitewhale family.Everywhere you are, that's where we'll be.
Here's a listof your new sister companies.
Please be mindful of themas you spew your content. [sputters]
So we can't make videosabout any of these subsidiaries?
Monsanto, JP Morgan Chase,Marie Osmond?
Oh! There it is,the Every Animal Girl Company.
You don't really think Whitewhale boughtGirl Croosh just to kill our video?
And you couldn't just tella feel-good story about two friends
who started a business.
Maybe this is for the best.
You can get a new job in Chicago,spend more time with your kid.
Yeah, and you can go back to LA,
where you won't have to borrow my coatall the time.
-[giggles]-Didn't you wanna write another book?
I have this book of essaysI've been brewing in my head.
It's called, One Last Thingand Then I Swear to God I'll Shut Up
About This Forever: Dispatchesfrom the Frontlines of the War on Women:
Arguments, Opinions, Reflections,Recollections, The Razor Tax--
Is this still the title?
I kind of got lost in the middle and couldn't find a way out.
No, no, it's good,
I just think you want to save some of itfor the inside of the book.
[sighs] I guess that's it for us,though, right?
-I guess so. Unless it isn't it for us?-What do you mean?
What if we did one more videoabout anything we wanted
and posted it on the website before they realize we still have all the passwords?
-We could do a story about Whitewhale.-Oh, yeah!
Now, there's a feel-good story.
Me feeling good about takin'those assholes down!
Diane, this is Isabel,star reporter at The Tribune.
She's been hunting Whitewhale for years.
-Call me... Isabel.-Okay.
All my days, the beast has haunted me.
The hunt consumes my every waking moment.
You might even say Whitewhale is my...
green light at the end of the dock.
-What?-That's a Gatsby reference. Read a book.
Isabel, be nice.
I wish I had the energy,but my obsession has ruined me.
Destroyed my relationships,obliterated my career. And for nothing.
I had one contact on the warehouse floor,Matt Minnowman.
-Hmm.-Then he disappeared.
-Maybe there's your story.-Not your story?
Mm. My editor thought I was getting"too invested" in the Whitewhale beat,
so he moved meto the Holiday Gift Guide desk.
Now the search for the season's hot toytorments my waking days.
Are spirographs the new fidget spinners?The answer eludes me at every turn.
[Diane] I can't believe it. We got a lead.
Hey, do you wanna walk back to my place?
Are you kidding? It's so cold.How is it snowing in October?
There are basically two seasons here:bitter winter, unbearable humidity.
-You'll learn to love it.-[giggles]
-[Diane gasping]-[both giggling]
[BoJack's voice]Dear Diane, I'm sure you are dying to know
how this Beverlysecret admirer situation is going,
-so I'll cut right to the chase.-[Guy] Oh!
I started writing "BH" on my snack kitsto clear up any confusion
about who the extra nuts are for.
But now Beverly thinks "BH"stands for Beverly, here-ya-go.
"Beverly here ya go"?Why would the "H" stand for--
-[Guy and Diane moan]-You know what? Doesn't matter.
The dumbest part is that Beverly doesn'teven eat candied nuts.
-[Diane moaning]-She's allergic.
So she usually just ends up
-giving her nuts to me.-[Guy snores]
Doctor Champ would probably saythat means something.
That the universe has a way of looking outfor us if we just stop fighting it, but...
I don't know.
Anyway, I guess it's working.
Hope things are workingfor you, too. BoJack.
[keyboard clacking]
Were you up all night?
I was following up on this Matt Minnowman.
Turns out there was an "accident"at the warehouse.
-What?-He stayed late to finish some work.
"Look at me, I'm just doing some work.It's no big deal."
Next morning, they found him dead.
Oh, shit.
This guy was trying to get the word outabout working conditions,
and then he died in the warehouse.
I got the names of some coworkers,let's get our hands
on the security footage.
Did you know your cerealwas made by Whitewhale?
I threw it out to be safe.
Microchips-- Oh, my God,you're looking at me like I'm crazy.
You think I'm obsessed.Am I totally scaring you off right now?
No. You're glowing.
Hmm.
[keyboard clacking]
We were working 17-hour days.
We were spread thinnerthan a shitty New York slice of pizza
and working harder than the '96 Bulls.
[Guy] Okay, so Matt's stationed here...
So, what, he walked to the other sideof the room just to die?
That's where he died, all right.
Management left his body out thereon the floor.
Almost like it was a warningto the other workers.
Wow.
I just don't think you can attribute itto intentional cruelty.
-It's callousness.-Can't it be both?
Whitewhale's not evil.They're just capitalists.
What's the difference?
From New York Times,I'm Michael Barbaro. Today--
-Hello?-Mister Whitewhale would like to meet you
at the Chicago Whitewhale buildingtomorrow at 2:00.
Bring your camera. [sputters]
Oh, shit. If they know what we're doing,why would they wanna talk to us?
I guess we'll find out.
I'm kind of weirdly excited.
-Hey. I got you something.-What? Shut up!
-Huh.-Ah.
-You don't like it.-No, I love it.
It's just I won't get much useout of a coat like this in LA.
No. It's for here.
Is this your way of asking meto move to Chicago?
[chuckles] No. Not everything is some kindof secret underhanded conspiracy.
-Sometimes a coat's just a coat.-Okay.
But I also don't know why it's so obviousthat you go back to LA.
-I live there.-But there's nothing for you there.
Excuse me?
I just don't understandwhy you're so into punishing yourself.
I am not--
And it's not just yourself,because every time you get cold,
-guess who has to give you his coat.-Oh, sorry, does that inconvenience you?
No. [sighs]
I just don't knowwhy I should suffer
because you have this ideologicalobjection to feeling good.
Are you-- I would love to feel good.
What a luxury. How nice for youthat you can do that
while the world burns around you.
This is not even about the world,this is about you and me.
"You and me"?What's "you and me"?
-Don't---No, no, tell me, Guy, please,
because I would love some clarification.Am I your girlfriend?
Am I the, um,"you know, woman that I work with"?
-Come on, Diane.-What is this?
I... Just take the coat.
I think I should go back to the hotel.
[sighs]
[Diane shudders]
[birds chirping]
I didn't know if you'd come.
Well, we got a job to do, right?Could get chilly up there.
I don't know what kind of videoyou're putting together,
but I wanted to let you know I don't mind.
You're not gonna stop us.
I don't want to stop you,I just said that.
See, when you put out stories about usbeing "evil" or "callous"
or whoever the bad guy in Harry Potter is,
people think our business is uncompromisedby morality and our stock goes up.
So, it doesn't bother your shareholdersthat one of your employees died
in a work-related accident?
-What accident?-Matt Minnowman's body was found
in your warehouse.
Oh, him, sure!But that was no accident. I killed him.
-What?-I murdered him!
Like murdered murdered him?
Well, I didn't murder-of-crows him.
He took too many bathroom breaksand encouraged the other employees
to take bathroom breaks as well.
And you're not worried it's goingto get out that you killed an employee?
Like in the videowe're shooting right now?
Didn't you hear? Congress just passeda bill legalizing murder if you're rich.
-No, they didn't-- Oh, my God, they did!-What?
Hold on. Just because it passedthe House doesn't mean the Senate will--
Really, Diane?
Okay, but the president could still veto--
Really, Diane?
All right, sure, but the Supreme Court.Okay, I get it.
Look, don't take it so hard.
If you wanna do something about it,just make a billion dollars and murder me!
[both cackle]
Barbara, let's make sure they geta nice Whitewhale Company gift bag
-on their way out.-[sputters]
Well, we can still post the video.
Why?
Yeah, right, well, um, safe travels.It's been real.
Yeah. It's been real.
I'm not gonna beg you to stayif that's what you're waiting for.
I'm not waiting for anything.
I'm not that guy who says, "Diane,please don't go, I'm in love with you.
Stay here in Chicagoand write your book of essays
and come with me to baseball games.
They've got a pretty good theater scenehere and a big shiny bean and you could...
[sighs]
You could be so happyin your warm winter coat."
-I don't need you to say---I'm not gonna be that guy, all right?
But if you wanted to stay, I couldmake things so good for you, Diane.
-Listen---No, no, I get it.
No, listen. Guy.
I feel so shitty all the time.
I feel like the whole world is pushing inon me, except for when I'm with you.
You have been such a good thing for me.
But I can't be with youif you're the only good thing in my life.
It's too much pressure. I'm sorry.
-Diane! Don't get on that train!-[scoffs]
-Guy, I just told you---I know, but you're going to the airport.
That train's going to Cottage Grove,you're gonna get screwed!
Oh, no.
[BoJack's voice] Dear Diane,it was Beverly's last day yesterday.
Everyone is real excited for her,but she spent the whole day sulking
because she never found outwho her secret admirer was.
Frankly, it was getting pretty annoying,so finally I just say,
"It was me! I'm in love with you!"
And she goes,"Oh. I was hoping it was Mario."
And then she starts crying.
And everyone looks at me like, "Way to go,you made Beverly cry on her last day."
So, the thing I keep thinking about is...
was it worth it for Beverly to be happyfor a little bit,
even though it ended up sad?
Or would it have been betterif the whole thing never happened?
Every time someone leaves rehab...
it makes you thinkabout your own progress.
Some days it feels like you're notprogressing at all, other days you think,
"Well, maybe a little."
The main thing I think aboutis how stupid I am
that I didn't do this sooner.
I wasted so many years being miserablebecause I assumed
that was the only way to be.
But I don't wanna do that anymore.
Also, am I crazy or have I gottenreally good at writing letters?
[sighs]
This is BoJack, by the way.
-[phone beeps]-[line ringing]
-Hey.-Hey.
I was thinking about these grilled cheesesandwiches I used to make,
back when I first moved to LA.
-What?-I was dirt-broke,
and I had no friends and no job,
and I got obsessed with perfectingthe art of the grilled cheese sandwich.
-Makes sense.-Partly because it was cheap,
but also because while I was doing it,
I wasn't thinking about how depressingmy life was.
Okay.
So, on the plane I was thinking,
I should makeanother grilled cheese sandwich
because I haven't in a long time,but I love them
and they always make me feel betterabout things.
-Look, Diane, I gotta---And the thing about
making your own grilled cheese sandwichis you can do it anywhere. You know?
Yeah?
Yeah.So, I guess that's another good thing.
♪ I lost my way on a tripMeant for two ♪
♪ We left our heartsIn a suitcase unused ♪
♪ High above ChicagoI'll be home tomorrow ♪




Season 6 ep. 4
















[Pickles] Okay, guys,that is my cat eye tutorial.
It probably works betterif you're not a dog,
but anyways, like and subscribe.
Oh, and RIP Nelson Mandelaand Paul Walker.
-[icon pops]-Love you, sassy boys!
I just don't feel likedoing a makeup tutorial today.
-[whirring]-Dad! I'm shooting a video!
[Franco] Demi!
I really thought me and Buzzywere built to last,
like Brad and Angelina,or Gwyneth and Coldplay Man,
or America and its current love affairwith Rebel Wilson.
[sighs] I'm sorry, I shouldn't be talkingabout my personal life.
I just feel so alone.
-[icon pops]-Aw! Thank you.
Hey, Pickle Pack!Gettin' ready for another job interview.
I think I'm just gonna lieabout having experience. Right?
I got the job! I'm a systems analyst?
I got fired my first dayas a systems analyst,
but then I got a jobas an air traffic controller!
I got fired my first dayas an air traffic controller.
But then I got a job as a waitress!
-So, I've been seeing someone.-[icon pops]
He's a yellow lab,and he's so handsome and friendly.
[barks and licks]
-Mister asked me to move in with him!-[icons pop]
-Hi, Mister!-Oh, are you taking a video? [laughs]
Thank you, queefburglar69,for that lovely cartoon heart!
Get a load of this cool house,Pickle Pack! Lights, off. Lights, on!
-[giggles]-Thank you, Robot House!
Check this out. The Thunder Room.
A place to wait out thunderstormsand Fourth of July celebrations!
Thunder door, close!
[automated voice] Closing. [clunks] Thunder Room secure.
Cute!
He got down on one knee and everything!He was so nervous before he asked!
-Of course I said yes!-[icons pop]
-I think Mister is still in shock!-Engaged! That's what we are now!
Ring filter!
So, I guess I liked the play.
I was just surprised at how differentit was from the movie.
I kept waiting for the baseball part.
And so many dysfunctional relationships!All the cheating and lying!
[sighs] I'm sure glad we're not like that,right, Mister?
Um, Pickles, would you mindturning off the livestream?
There's something I needto discuss with you. Privately.
Ooh, I hope it's something good!
-[beeps]-[sobbing]
-The wedding is off! [crying]-[icons popping]
[theme music playing]
-[brakes squeak]-[crickets chirping]
[exhales]
Hi, I'm here to see BoJack.
You're... [sucks teeth]
...too late.
-What?-He's... [sucks teeth]
...gone...
-No!-...to a party for the night.
Here's the address.Sorry for all the wincing.
I put too many jalapeñoson my... [sucks teeth]
...sandwich.
A party? With alcohol?
No, a lame party, without alcohol.
Uh...
Don't worry. We sent himwith a trained sober companion.
He'll keep him out of trouble.
This is Eduardo.He's here to keep me out of trouble.
[chuckles] Say, aren't youone of those fainting goats?
[laughs] Only if I panic.
So, what makes you panic?
Nothing. The whole point ishe doesn't panic. Sober companion.
You know what makes me panic?
Most of the timeI'm an ocean-levels-rising guy,
but sometimes I like to dwell
on the fact thatthere will always be invisible walls
between myself and those who claimto know me.
[chuckles] That sure is nerve-racking,but the only thing that makes me panic
is the thoughtthat I might someday drink again.
-A toast to that never happening!-[whimpers and thuds]
Very helpful. Thank you, Eduardo.
Oh, I'm just Greg, a guy Mr. Peanutbutter met at a gas station once.
I honestly don't even knowwhy I got invited to this party.
[Ruthie crying]
You know, I got a few TV ideas myself.
[chuckles] Franco, nobody wants to hearyour time-travelling orthodontist pitch!
Demi, you are lighting a long fuseon a short stick of dynamite.
Oh, whoop. And a big one at that.
[inhales, exhales]
-Diane! Didn't think I'd see you here!-[screams]
Could you go tell BoJack to come outso I can talk to him?
What? I don't have timefor your classic Diane wackiness.
We gotta get these to the balloon room!
-[coos]-[screams]
-Hey.-Hey, look who's back in town!
-[groans]-Wow! Baby! Cute!
-[giggling]-She's crawling all over the place.
I wasn't gonna bring her out,but another nanny quit on me.
Carlotta quit, huh?
I assume she resigned in disgrace
for not making good airplane noiseswhen she feeds Ruthie?
No, she said she feltshe was being watched all day.
Impossible! I'm there around the clock,observing her every move.
-If she was being watched, I'd know!-Uh-huh.
Uh, where do these balloons go?
Hello, Pickles' best friend Ilana.
Pickles' other friend Ilana.Didn't think I'd see you here.
And then of course, there's alwaysthe looming fear
my spleen could up and re-twist itself.
How are we back in a conversation?
It's like I'm trying to canoe out to sea,
but the current keeps washing me backto the same shallow backwater.
-Hey, there you are.-Thank God, I'm so glad you're here.
-Never leave my side.-I have to tell you--
-Okay, everybody get to your places!-What's happening?
Mr. Peanutbutter's and Pickles'surprise wedding!
Surprise wedding?
The wedding planningwas stressing Mr. Peanutbutter out,
and Pickles loves big romantic surprises.
And I'm not doing muchexcept for sitting at home
watching Princess Carolyn'sterrible nannies,
so naturally, I thought,"Ooh! Surprise wedding!"
-Where are they now?-I got them two tickets
to Angels in the Outfield.
-The movie?-The play. It's like six hours long.
Do you mean Angels in America?
Whatever it is,after that feel-good comedy,
they'll be in a great mood for a wedding!
Wow. Okay...
Look, I cannot be here.Just... I'm moving.
Great, your apartment's a dump.Where are you moving to?
Uh, not Echo Park. I'll never see you.
-Chicago.-Chicago? Chicago Chicago?
Ooh, they just pulled into the driveway!
-Shit! Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit!-Why Chicago?
Everybody hide and stay quiet.
[slapping and groaning]
Remember, as soon as the lights go on,just jump up and yell, "Surprise!"
-Lights, off!-[lights beep]
Um, Pickles? Would you mindturning off the livestream?
There's something I needto discuss with you. Privately.
Ooh, I hope it's something good!
It's not.
-Lights---Wait!
Before Robot House assaults us
with the harsh, unforgiving glareof our energy-efficient bulbs,
I need to tell you this.
But it's so dark in here.
What I'm about to confess is so shameful,
I can only admit itin the cover of shadow.
Don't be silly. Lights, on!
-I cheated on you!-[man] Surp--!
-[man shushes]-Did someone just say something?
Don't change the subject!
-[voice breaking] You cheated on me?-I am so sorry.
-How could you do this?-It was the worst mistake of my life!
And I once played Twisterwith Bryan Singer
at Kevin Spacey's partyfor Andy Dick's early parole.
-Ugh!-I've been in the Thunder Room every night
for months trying to swallow my shame.
But I can't. And I've apparently beenso racked with guilt I left the door open.
-Thunder door, close.-[automated voice] Closing. [clunks]
Thunder Room secure.
[muffled voice] Help! Please!
Just because you feel guilty,that doesn't make it okay.
Are you the time I went to seeLady Gaga in concert
and she didn't sing "Paparazzi"?
Because I am hurt,and I am confused, and I am angry,
and nobody told me there was going to bean encore, so I just went home and...
-[groans]-Why am I even talking to you?
-I need my best friend. I'm calling Ilana!-[gasps]
But, honestly,can Ilana even relate to me anymore?
Since she got thatnew Sunday-to-Thursday job
she's turned into a realsee-you-next-Friday.
I never thought I'd say this,
but sometimes I feel like I prefermy other friend Ilana.
Sometimes it's just easier to talkto a person who has nothing else going on.
-What?-Please don't tell the Ilanas about this.
I'm gonna tell everybody about this.I'm a Gemini.
No! Think of my family!They need me to be strong right now.
Poor Captain Peanutbutter.
He recently confided to me
he feels trapped in a loveless marriagewith Mrs. Captain Peanutbutter.
-[laughs awkwardly]-Well, can you blame her?
Excuse me?
Every time I get trappedin a conversation with Captain,
I think, "If I was married to this guy,
I would gnaw my own hand offjust to get the ring off my body."
At least no one in my familyhas anger issues.
My father has come so farwith his anger management classes!
I'm sorry, but your father is a hotheadwith a little-pug complex.
-Everyone makes excuses for his outbursts.-[snarling]
"I don't know what's gotten into Franco.
-He's not usually like that."-[shushes]
-Trust me. He's like that.-How dare you.
And the way your mother provokes him!I think they get off on it,
and they're making us unwillingparticipants in their kinky foreplay.
Ew! Those are my parents!
-And don't even get me started on Greg.-[shushes]
That guy that I met onceat that gas station!
-Why are you bringing him up?-I don't know, but he sucks, too!
-Oh.-There, I got it off my chest.
I know who I need right now.
No, Pickles. Please don't TweedFeed this.
I understand your Pickle Packis part of how you process pain.
Wrong, Mr. Mister.The Pack isn't part of anything.
They are everything.
When I stabbed myself in the eyewith a boba straw,
they all sent me photosof themselves wearing eyepatches.
And when my Grandma Piccolino died,
stickyvicki was the first personto say, "LMAO. Sorry for your loss."
My subscribers are with methrough thick and thin.
And they have never strayed. Unsubscribe!
[crying]
[Diane grunts]
-[groans]-I never thought this would have
so much practical application in my life,
but you could tie some sheets togetherand make a rope.
-[Mr. Peanutbutter] Pickles, wait!-[Pickles] No! You stay!
Bedroom lights, on!
-Down!-[whispers] Go, go, go.
-[crying]-[BoJack grunts]
-[Diane groans]-[BoJack grunts]
[crying, groaning]
The wedding is off!
[sobbing]
He cheated on me!
-[wailing]-[both groaning]
-Freezer, ice.-[automated voice] Dispensing.
Water filter, filtrate.
-[pouring]-[Pickles sobbing]
Oh, I have to talk to her! [pants]
[clamoring]
-[man] Go, go, go, go, go!-Let's hit the bricks and quick.
-Um, Princess Carolyn...-Oh, fish!
I mean, I've been hurt by guys before.But this... I just feel so stupid.
-[text pops]-My God, thank you, not even.
[knocks]Hi. I know you are quite upset, but--
Are you not listening?I told you to leave me alone.
-Right, but---Oh! You want a makeup tutorial?
Here's a makeup tutorial:we are never making up!
-Wha---Door, slam!
Okay. Here's how to looklike a crying, pugly freak!
[Pickles] So, you're gonna want a mascarathat really runs...
-So, why Chicago?-What?
What's the draw?Is it the rampant gun violence?
Or do you just like seeing improv actorswho aren't good enough for LA?
-Or is there a guy?-Uh...
What's his name, your suitor?Your gentleman caller?
-Guy.-Fine. What's your guy's name?
No. Guy is the name of the guyI'm not moving to Chicago for.
What's the name of the guyyou are moving to Chicago for?
I think we're done here.
[cooing]
-Ruthie.-This is all your fault.
If you hadn't creeped outevery nanny I hire--
I wouldn't have to monitor them so closelyif you hadn't hired a bunch of quacks!
Ooh! Duck! [grunts]
[Mr. Peanutbutter whimpering]
What's with all this mid-century furnitureso close to the ground?
-No one had to hide in the '50s?-Close to the ground, that's it!
We've gotta think like a baby!
I'm a baby. I don't have a job.
I love being wrapped upin soft, red hoodies.
And when I'm feeling low,I like to get high.
[gasps] Ruthie's a climber!
[panting]
Just as I suspected.
[licks] Fresh drool. It's Ruthie.
Todd!
-[coos]-[BoJack grunts]
[sighs] So, I obviously can'tmarry him, right?
What do you guys think I should do?
-Hey. Give me that.-[text pops]
"You should make Mr. Peanutbuttertake you to the park,
far away from this mouse."What mouse?
[groans]
-[text pops]-Great idea!
-Door, open!-[both gasp]
-Hey, Mister! Take me to the park!-[giggling]
-[Mr. Peanutbutter] Can do!-I'll be right down!
Okay, Pickle Pack,let's pick out an outfit.
What says, "I am going to survive thisbecause I am strong,
-but you should still feel very bad"?-Uh...
-Go, baby! Go to mama! Oh.-[giggles]
But what if we go for a walk, and he saysall the right things, and I forgive him?
I can't make it so easy for him, can I?
Oh, my God.
That is an even better idea, MarciFartz.
Hey, Mister!Cancel the park and come here.
What? Stay out of my shit, MarciFartz!
-[Mr. Peanutbutter] On my way, darling!-Kitty up. [grunts]
-[Ruthie blows]-[Princess Carolyn sighs]
Bring me my favorite drink.Exactly the way I like it.
Then we'll talk.
Of course, right away!
[BoJack grunts]
[groans] Of course he'll makemy drink perfect.
Because he's perfect!
I mean, look at him!
And... and... Look at him!
-[BoJack groaning]-Um... Oh!
And him, as portrayedin this boardwalk caricature drawing!
I didn't know he liked tennisand skateboarding.
What else has he been hiding from me?
[sighs] I mean, is it me?Was I not good enough?
[text popping]
Yeah, I'm not the problem!
In fact, why am I even in his house?
-[text pops]-I need to pack!
[groans] I'm goingto a fancy-ass hotel.
-And...-[gasps]
...I'm gonna try to get my room compedin exchange for social media promotion!
And then they'll say no.
And then I'll pay for the roomand drag them online.
Hate to leave you hanging. [grunts]
-[coos]-Yeah.
Wait a minute! Why should I leave?
-He's the one who cheated!-[exhales]
[grunting]
He can live in the dog parkfor all I care!
[text popping]
-[rustling]-[Princess Carolyn groans]
But then, why do I want him to stay?
-I'm so confused.-[text pops]
Good call, t_chavez!
-[notification dings]-You're welcome. Oh, no!
-[sighs]-Phew!
Boba Maker. Uh... boba make?
[whirs and squirts]
[automated voice]Would you like whipped cream?
Uh...
Hey, so, uh, sobriety. How is it?
[scoffs] Impossible.
Uh...
There's no clear path to the exit.You can wait it out, I'm doing the window.
It's not because of methat you're moving to Chicago?
No. I need to go.
[Mr. Peanutbutter] Pickles? Precious?Possible point of complexity...
Son of a bitch.
[grunting]
...I know your favorite drink is boba,
but just the other day, you said,
"Whipped creamis the best thing in the world,"
immediately followed by,and this is a direct quote,
"So, keep it as far awayfrom me as possible!"
I just wanted to circle back.
[music playing over earbuds]
Yeah.
Don't get me wrong,
I love the challenge of tryingto square two irreconcilable positions.
-Where's the baby? There's the baby!-[giggling]
Where's the baby?[gasps] Shit! Where's the baby?
[glass shatters]
Bang-crash, you say! I hear the note.
I'll be right back with your drinkprepared exactly the way you want it!
[Princess Carolyn grunts]
Here.
-You know how in AA they give you chips?-But no salsa?
Using that.
But they're a big deal, the chips.
Sure, they brainwash you into thinkingthey're more important than they are,
but when I got my two-month chip...
I thought, "I wish Diane could see this."
I see it. It's amazing.
It would not be improved by salsa.
[Pickles] Door, open!
[both gasp, grunting]
No! No!
-[BoJack scoffs]-[Pickles humming]
Hmm.
Sunshine, I have your boba.
[Pickles] No whipped cream, I hope.
Of course not.
You always know how I like it.
Is there any chance we could talk IRL?
Intimately, rigorously, lengthily?
[inhales, exhales]
You know, what's funnyis now I actually want the whipped cream.
Well, good news, because, uh...
-Hmm...-I don't want to be mad at you.
That's great!
-No, it's not---I know I caused you pain,
but we can get through this.I still wanna marry you.
Do you still want to marry me?
Promise me you'll never lie to me again?
I promise.
Then I guess we could put it behind usif it just happened the one time.
It did! One time! One unit of cheating.
Comprised of two separate instances.
-What?-But the spirit of it was once.
Well, at least you told me right away.
-It happened a few months ago.-What?
-But I'm being honest with you now!-Okay.
-At least it wasn't with someone I know.-It was Diane.
Diane, the nice ladyfrom the chew-toy store?
Diane, my ex-wife?
That's so much worse!
You are a bad dog!
-No. No. No!-[shrieks]
-[shattering]-[Mr. Peanutbutter groans]
[Pickles crying]
[crying continues]
Come on, Eduardo. Hold it together.You're not just a fainting goat.
You're a trained sober companion.Just do what the sign says.
No! [thuds]
-[music playing over earbuds]-[sighs]
[whirring]
-Vacuum, stop.-[automated voice] Stopping.
Coin sorter, sort. [tinkling]
Oh, Coin Sorter,I'd love to toss my problems in a tray
and say, "Here, sort these out."I know it doesn't work that way,
but if only this smart housecould give some advice to this stupid dog.
-[BoJack imitates robot] Go to her.-Coin Sorter?
Go to Pickles. Go now.
I don't know, Coin Sorter.I've already screwed everything up so bad.
I should sit hereand wait for her to come to me.
No. You go to her. Leave this room.
-Okay.-[imitates robot] But don't talk so much!
-What?-It is I, the robot, uh, thermostat.
Thermostat, I should have known.
I can always count on youto cool things down
when they get too heated.You were saying?
Sometimes you try to fix problems
or make them go away,which comes off as dismissive.
If you want to solve this, listen.Really hear her.
Beep-boop. Seventy-two degrees.
Okay.
[both sigh, grunt]
[normal voice] Is this messwhy you're moving to Chicago?
[normal voice] I told you,I'm moving for me.
I get it.
-Are you gonna be okay?-Yeah.
-I mean... I don't know.-You seem okay.
But the reason I had to tell youI was leaving,
the reason I cameto my ex-husband's house,
was because I need to knowthat you're gonna be okay.
I need to hear you say it.
I can't leave if I don't knowyou're going to be okay, BoJack.
-I'll be okay.-Promise?
Because if something happens,and I'm in Chicago--
That's not a friendship,that's a hostage situation.
Go to Chicago. I'll be fine.
Thank you.
-[Todd gasps]-[balloons popping]
-Hey!-Ruthie?
Ruthie! [groans]
-[both grunting]-[balloons popping]
-There you are!-[giggling]
Let's get you awayfrom these delightful choking hazards!
You know, Todd, you have a knack for this.
Would you wanna be her nanny?
I do know her routineand all of her favorite foods
and how to do funny voicesfor bedtime stories,
unlike Carlotta who does voiceslike Cameron Diaz
"did a voice" for the Shrek movies.
-[giggles]-So, that's a yes then?
[music playing over earbuds]
[sighs]
I don't want to be mad at you.
It sucks that I have to be mad at you.
This should bethe happiest time of my life,
but now because you did something stupid,I have to feel bad.
That's not fair.
And I still love you and...[sighs] I still wanna marry you.
But you can't do thingsthat hurt me like that.
It's not okay.
And if we just go backto the way things were before
and pretend nothing happened,I'm gonna feel stupid.
We can't just go back.
How can we make this right?
Don't just stand there!I'm talking to you.
I'm sorry. I want us to stay together.I want you to trust me.
I wanna make us even somehow.
Even? The only logical way to be even
would be if I got to sleepwith somebody else.
Okay. If that's what needs to happen.
-Really?-Yeah, we just have to think who--
Buzzy. My high school boyfriend, Buzzy.
Very quick with that name, but okay. Fine.
No, you don't even know him.
Knowing is what hurts the most.
What if I sleep with Buzzy and Tylerfrom Soul Cycle?
-Two people?-Well, maybe we can keep brainstorming.
If we put our heads together,
I know we'll find the perfect guyfor you to cheat on me with
that makes it totally even,
so things can go back to normaland we can get married.
-Thank you.-[doorbell rings]
-Hey, guys.-Diane?
I'm just here to randomly apologizefor that time we cheated on Pickles twice.
It was a big mistake, and it was my fault,and it will never happen again.
Also, I think I left my wallet here
when I came to your partya year and a half ago.
If you find it, probably under the bedin the master suite,
could you mail it to me?I live in Chicago now. Thanks.
This is Eduardo. Don't mind him.He's just keeping me sober.
Found the baby, had a blast, gotta go.
-And here's your boba.-Thank you.
-Odd.-[phone buzzing]
-Oh, my parents are calling.-Fun! Put 'em on speaker!
♪ Back in the 90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'm just tryingTo make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪-♪ BoJack! ♪




Season 6 ep. 5 
















In my line of work,I meet a lot of big names.
I'm talking the sexiest guys of the '90s:Nick Nolte. Mickey Rourke...
Literally, here we are in the '90s,
and these are the guyswe think are sexy, right?
And my daughter couldn't care less.
But when I told herI was meeting BoJack Horseman...
Do me a favor. Make her day.
[sighs]
Me? I didn't ask for this gig.
Angela Diaz,head of the network, calls me,
working schmuck, Danny Bananas,
and says, "Danny, Herb Kazzaz is leavin',and I want you to run Horsin' Around.
So, here's me, thinking,"What an opportunity
to write for the most finely-calibratedensemble cast on television!"
It's like a bowling alleywith you people.
Setting up pins and knocking them down.I should be so lucky.
-Uh.-I know it's no secret
that you and Herb had some friction,
and he left the showunder not-great circumstances.
Now I'm coming at this from a place of...
this is your house,and I'm a guest, all right?
The magic of Horsin' Aroundis not Herb Kazzaz or Danny Bananas.
I know why people buy the Big Mac.I'm not here to change the recipe.
You're the special sauce, BoJack.
Me? I just wanna be the bun.
And not even the top or the bottom bun.I'm fine being the middle bun.
-You already told me this story.-I did?
Yeah. Danny. Sharona. The buns.We've been over it.
-Well, did I tell you about Gina?-Yes.
-And Sarah Lynn?-Multiple times. Yes.
-What about the time I sneezed on Marisa?-You've told me everything.
You told me about that dreamwhere you go to a dinner party.
I even went downthat strange detour with you
about the three-nippled woman inthe nudie magazine your uncle showed you.
-Who was she?-I think we're done here.
-What do you mean, done?-Well, you've been here six months.
It's time to go home.
[theme music playing]
[Shannon] Oh, sorry. Uh, not this way.
My boss is gonna kill me
if I don't deliver these flowersto his mistress.
Well, we're filmingan episode of Birthday Dad,
and my boss is gonna kill meif I let anyone through.
Great, when they discover my remainsscattered in the bramble of Griffith Park,
my loved ones will take solaceknowing I died
so they could shoot an episodeof Birthday Dad.
I'm sorry. It's a really good show!
I know I couldn't always be there for you,birthday-wise, but I'd like to be.
I'd like to be your Birthday Dad.
You really don't get it, do you?This is the real world, okay?
And I'm a career gal.I don't have time for birthdays.
But what about the birthday spirit?
Everyone knows there's no such thing.This is the real world.
Now, if you'll excuse me,I need to drink my coffee.
-Cut. Let's move on.-[bell rings]
Great take, Melodie. Chills.
Are we Glenn Close,Jeff Goldblum, Kevin Kline,
and all of the greatest Motown singlescollected on one...
[groans]
-[chuckles] "Big Chills."-Hot herbal tea?
-Yes, that would be-- Ooh!-Ha!
-Oops.-[chuckles] Got me again, Audrey.
Donna, we're gonna need another scarf.
Am I crazy, or has the crew turned on you?
No, what they're turned ontois hating me...
on account of I cheated on Pickles.
Ever since the story went viral,
the public has really mashedthe thumbs down on old Peanurino.
-Especially young women.-Oh, no!
"Especially young women"is one of our show's eight target demos.
We gotta juice your Q!
Right now, the only juiceI'm interested in is Pickles' juice
and making things kosher between us,which is a task I relish.
-So, you wanna have sex with me?-Yes.
And your fiancéis gonna be in there watching, or...
Oh, no. Sorry for the misunderstanding.
This is not a fetish-basedcuckolding scenario.
He had sex with his ex, so to levelthe playing field now, we have to boink,
so Mister and I can be evenand everything can go back to normal.
You understand?
Not really,but I get to have sex with you?
-Yeah.-Correct.
Then, cool. I'm in.
-But what about your reputation?-I'm not too worried about it.
I feel like peoplegenerally want to like me.
And if I just don't do anything,eventually, the universe will realign
and the public will go backto loving me again.
-[grunts]-Ugh.
-Mm, thanks for making breakfast.-Thanks for calling it breakfast.
Not everyone appreciatesthe subtle art of the crispy oatmeal.
-Are you starting your memoir today?-That was the plan.
But I got these dishes now.That'll take all morning.
And once the morning's over,basically the whole day is shot, you know?
Better to start clean tomorrow.
Look, I know it's hardto start a new thing,
but the hardest part is starting.
You're right.
Also, I'm a freelance cameramanwho pays child support,
so I'd encourage you to get an advance.
Hmm.
[indistinct chattering]
Hey, uh, guys? Uh, excuse me, everyone?
I just wanted to raisea non-alcoholic toast to Denise.
-[laughter]-Ha-ha!
[man] Ow! My gluten intolerance!
We've all been through so much together,and it's never easy to say goodbye.
-Remember when Doug left?-[all] Hmm?
-Or Jameson?-[all muttering]
Or sweet, sweet Bongo?
-Sorry, who are we talking about?-To Denise!
[all] Denise!
[man laughs]
I didn't realizewe're the last of our original group.
-God, we had some good times, huh?-I mean, no, mostly.
-Yeah. But you're ready, right?-Ready or not, here I go.
Yeah, you're ready.
Have you given any thoughtto what we discussed yesterday?
About you transitioning to a versionof yourself that is no longer here?
I don't know.Things are kinda working for me.
Staying out of trouble,got the fancy room,
finally perfectedmy egg-white omelet order.
The secret is egg yellows.I might do another six weeks.
[chuckles] You've already re-uppedthree times.
This place is for people in crisis.
In crisis of being too cool, maybe.Right, Karmen?
-I-If I say yes, I can see my baby?-Karmen, no.
You sold your baby to a den of leechesto pay for crack.
-The leeches have your baby now.-Oh, yeah.
Ah. Classic Karm.
It's natural to be hesitant.
When I first checked out of rehab,I was terrified.
I knew a single drop of alcoholwould send me down a ruinous path.
-But I found my way.-Found your way back to rehab.
-Ah, I'll miss our little comedy routines.-"Our"?
A lot of people leave this place,
and I think, "They're not gonna make it."Like Denise, for example.
But you?You've done the work, and you're ready.
You're a special case, BoJack.
-I am?-Of course you are.
Huh.
[Sharona] Oh, boy,did he do a number on you.
He was actually very nice.You know, I want things to be easy on set.
And I think Dannyrepresents a fresh start.
-Is that why you got Herb fired?-Hey, I'm not the one who--
I can't do your hairif you're gonna move your head so much.
There was nothing I could do about Herb.
If it wasn't for me,they would've canceled the whole show.
And then where would you go?
Who's gonna hirea hair-and-makeup lady with shaky hands?
-My hands only shake when I don't drink.-Be sure to put that on your résumé.
You're just bitter because I'm the onlyperson who can drink as much as you do.
-[giggles]-Ruthie!
-Here comes the airplane...-[tires screech]
-[car crashes]-Oh, a kerfuffle!
[people clamoring]
Hey! What's going on out there?
An ice cream truckcrashed into the root beer factory!
Oh, sounds like a delicious disaster.
-Five people are dead!-Oh, no!
And there's worse to come,
unless somebody can slurp upall that ice cream!
Oh, I'd love to help slurp,but I just started a new nannying job.
I don't care!
Hmm...
Wow, BoJack leaving rehab.
-Truly the end of an era.-[crying]
Sobby Bobby.Gonna miss your excessive crying.
Can't believe it.
Last time I'm gonna stopat this vending machine.
What do you say, B-7?One more hike down Funyun Canyon?
[inhales] Whew.
Oh, wow. Hello, the public.
Didn't think I'd have to address thisso quickly, but I am not ashamed.
-Yes, I, BoJack Horseman, went to rehab---Uh, keep it moving.
We wanna get a clean shot
for when Gen Z pop superstar/fashiondisrupter Joey Pogo shows up.
-Joey Pogo?-Yeah, he's checking in today.
-We heard he's gettin' the fancy room.-Fancy room?
He's gettin' the fancy room.
-It's time to go home.-What?
Ready or not.
I got the fancy room.
He's gettin' the fancy room.
You're a special case, BoJack.
Stay cool, man. Have a good summer.
What does it all mean?
Sounds like they're kicking you outto make room for Joey Pogo.
Huh?
Sounds like they're kicking you outto make room for Joey Pogo.
Oh, my God.
I think they're kicking me outto make room for Joey Pogo.
I just feel like if I knewthe source of my addiction,
everything else would just click together.
-Playtime's over.-BoJack!
-What the hell? This is my time.-Shut up, Brad.
The source of your addiction
is wanting to impress your old babysitterwho stole beer from your parents' fridge.
She's dead. You're free.
No, that's not...
Oh. Oh...
I thought you were checking out.
-Oh, you would love that, wouldn't you?-Yes. I've been very clear on that matter.
Well, check this out.
BoHo go bye... BoHo go bye-bye for...
What is he doing?
I think he's trying to get out a zinger.We better let him finish.
You have to imagine that I just said it.
It's only funnyif it feels extemporaneous.
Don't waste your breath setting it up,just say the thing.
-Why don't you start over?-Check this out.
BoHo go bye-bye for JoJo Pogo?
That's a no-go, bro.
Worth it.
[car horns blaring]
I'm sorry. Please, go around.
I worked on it all night.The thing that's gonna save your career.
Ha!
-What is it?-It's a meme! For posting online!
Teacher gave you too much homework?"Sad Dog!"
Your favorite sports outfitlost the match? "Sad Dog!"
People are gonna love it.And that love will transfer to you.
But I'm not a sad dog.I'm a happy dog. Everyone knows that.
-So, it needs some massaging.-[phone rings]
Hold on, I gotta take this.
Conversation over? "Sad Dog!"See how easy it is?
-[phone beeps]-Pickles! How was your date with Carl?
I don't know, Mister.
The sex was good, like, really good,but I didn't feel an emotional connection.
Don't beat yourself up about that.You just met the guy.
But part of the betrayalof you sleeping with Diane
is the fact that you sharean intimate history.
If we're really trying to even things out,I don't think Carl counts.
Okay, well, then I guess you'll just haveto keep having sex with people
until you find someone with whom you havean emotional connection.
[sighs] That might be a lot of guys,
but if that's what it's gonna taketo save our marriage,
I will keep riding the express trainto bone-town until that happens.
That's my girl.
-Oh! Thank you.-[phone ringing]
-[beeps]-Hello?
Hey, it's Diane.
Oh, yes, I thought I heardretired dads in the distance,
praising the '95 Chicago Bulls.
Maybe you could give me some advice.I'm writing a new book,
but I shouldn't even get starteduntil I sell it to a publisher, right?
-What is it?-I'm still in the loose idea phase.
Half essay, half memoir.
The working title is
One Last Thing, and Then I Swear to GodI'll Shut Up About This Forever:
A Definitive Retrospectiveof the Choices We Make,
People We Hurt,The Places We Go: Part One.
Wait, how is it part one if it'sdefinitive? I'm getting another call.
-[phone beeps]-Hello?
Hi, while you were blabbering on,
I had our lit assistanttake care of everything.
A navel-gazey book of observations.Sounds fun.
-No, I---I sold it. You have six months.
Enjoy the process.
Oh.
[groans]
Wha...
What happened?You're packing your things backwards.
What happened is you said I was special.
You gave a whole spiel just trying to get rid of me
to make roomfor a high-profile new client.
I thought we'd made strideson your jealousy issues.
And also, it's pronounced "shpeel."
I'm not jealous! And I've definitelyseen it written out as "spiel."
I think it's spelled "spiel,"but it's pronounced "shpeel."
Not now, Joey Pogo.
I'm sorry, am I interrupting?I was told I was in the fancy room?
We're moving some things around.Uh, maybe you could come back tomorrow?
Oh, tomorrow is jammed.
I'm shootin' a videofor my new single, "Lace Up,"
which is spon-confor my sneaker collab with Mister Pibb.
-Could we just do it now, real quick?-You wanna do rehab real quick?
Life is precious. God is religious,or merely the idea of human connection.
Don't do drugs. Say you're sorry.
Powerful stuff.Feels like I just got a new lease on life.
Stay cool, bro. Don't ever change.
That's the problem. When you say itin here, it all sounds easy.
But I know that out there,it's hard and confusing.
-And it's just-- I-I don't...-But you're not alone.
You have a wonderful support system.
Think of all your amazing friendsjust waiting to love you as you love them.
[groaning]
[vibrates, beeps]
Todd's phone. What if Todd was one of us?
Um, okay. Is Todd there?
-Please hold for the next available Todd.-[beeps]
Okay.
["Ode to Joy" tune] ♪ Todd, Todd, Todd,Todd, Todd, Todd, Todd, Todd ♪
-♪ Todd, Todd, Todd, Todd, Todd, To-Todd ♪-Ugh!
♪ Todd, Todd, Todd, ToddTodd, Todd, Todd ♪
-Hey, buddy.-Hey, listen, I'm...
You're probably wondering about Georgette,
-the newest member of Team Chavez.-Nope.
Since I've startedtaking care of Ruthie full-time,
that hasn't given me a lot of timefor regular Todd business,
and stuff's been fallingthrough the cracks.
So, you hired an assistant?
Well, yes, but assistantsare like Deadpool movies.
I couldn't just stop at one,even though I probably should have.
Now I have 12.
You hired 12 assistants? To assist you?
Yep, I've got Bellatrying out new goofy dances,
Pedro's monitoringall the Five Guys franchises
to make sure each onehas the right number of guys,
-and Silvia's in charge of checking...-[clock ringing]
-...All About That Ace every 15 minutes.-What is "All About That Ace?"
My asexual dating app.I think I might be the only one on it.
-[Ruthie giggles]-But another ace could join any day now.
And when that happens, two of a kind.
Well, I guess that makes aboutas much sense as the rest of it.
Listen, um, I might be getting outof rehab soon...
BoJack, that's fantastic!
...and I wanted to talk to youbecause I, uh...
[sighs]
...can't do this by myself.
Hey, I got you, buddy.You just wait one jiffy.
[sighs]
-Hi.-Ah!
I'm Casey, the assistant.Todd hired me to be your friend.
Okay, that's, uh, you know...I think I'm good. Thank you.
He said I would be perfect for youbecause you could be mean to me
and you wouldn't feel bad,because you're paying me.
Okay, well, that's kind of thoughtful.
I'm a very good assistant, and I can bevery discreet, whatever you need.
Marc Cherry used to dress mein the outfit Natalie Wood drowned in
and scream at me for hours on end.
It was very therapeutic for him,and I didn't mind
because he wasn't screaming at me,he was screaming at death.
Stars really are just like us, huh?
-Do you mind if I have a sip?-Don't drink that!
Right, of course.I must earn hydration. So sorry.
No, it's just... that's vodka.
You think it's a good ideato keep a bottle of vodka in rehab?
Because it is if you think it is.
It's not for drinking.
I just, I... I don't know why I keep it.As a reminder, I guess.
Of what?
[BoJack] Sarah Lynn?
Sarah Lynn?
Sarah Lynn!
-What?-Are you almost done?
I need Sharona to work that magicon her mane man.
Yeah, I'll get to you in a minute.Cool your jets.
Why can't you do thisin Sarah Lynn's dressing room?
My stepdad's in there,and he's being weird.
-Why is that my problem?-We appreciate your hospitality.
Hey, BoJack,what do you think of the new guy?
Danny? Yeah, he's okay. Right?
-I miss Herb.-We all do, sweetie.
Herb. Danny. What difference does it make?We got a job to do, right?
I'm just saying I miss him.
And I'm just sayingit's not my fault he got fired.
-I dunno why you're complaining to me.-I'm sorry.
Nobody said it was your fault.
I actually thinkDanny represents an opportunity.
For a new beginning.
You don't think it feels weirdto do the show without Herb?
If Herb really cared about the show,maybe he shouldn't have...
What? Been gay?
No, that's not-- Obviously...
-I put my ass on the line for you people.-Ugh. BoJack.
Do you know how lucky we are to have this?Herb was gonna throw that all away.
I made the tough choice. What did you do?
-I... I don't know.-BoJack, she's ten!
Yeah, which is basically an adultin Hollywood years.
I'm trying to make this situation work.Enjoy my dressing room.
[sighs] Hey, I know you feel shitty,but don't take it out on a little girl.
[BoJack] I don't feel shitty,I feel great!
Okay. You know why this is here, Casey?
It's because I think I'm specialand the rules don't apply to me.
And I keep thinking thatover and over again.
-Well, you are special.-No, shut up.
-[gasps]-That's the problem. I'm an asshole.
All your bosses are assholes.And people like you indulge us.
And you soothe our egos,and you let us abuse you.
-You're right, I'm terrible.-No, God damn it. That's not my point.
Have some respect for yourself.
Okay, sorry.I'm just happy to be a part of things.
Yeah, and that's how they get you.
[sighs] I'm sorry. It's not your fault.
Can you run downstairsand grab me some Funyuns?
-Mm... No.-What do you mean, no?
Huh.
I don't know. I'm not going to do that.
-Uh, what's happening?-There's an "I" in "assistants."
And this time, the "I" is us.
I like your energy, but what?
And lo and behold,my sandwich has onions...
[phone beeps]
...when I specifically meantto tell you I didn't want onions.
Where are you going?
-So, this lawyer's got attitude.-[phone buzzes]
And that attitude? Autism.
I don't understand,why is this person moving now?
Wait! What's goin' on?
The Hollywoo Assistants are unionizing.This is a walk-out.
No! I've grown too dependent on you!
I can't performbasic Todd functions anymore!
I'm like a toddler, but a Todd version.A Toddler!
I know you got a job to do,but is there any way...
-[phone beeps]-...Joey Pogo could get through?
Just got out of rehab.I'm trying to get home.
-Knock yourself out.-All right!
Don't die on me, Ileanna.Not on your birthday, of all days!
Year after year,the only thing I wished for was a dad.
[sobs] And now you're here,and it's like...
[coughs] ...paging Dr. Birthday!
But if you just told me your wish,that means it won't come true!
You really don't get it, do you?It already has. [gasps]
I love you, Birthday Eric.
No. Birthday Dad.
-[groans]-[crying]
-[director] And cut.-[bell rings]
Wow, Melodie.
Are you Janet Gaynor, Judy Garland,Barbra Streisand, Lady Ga--
Drop dead.
Star is Born.
-[car honking]-Huh?
-[gasps, grunts]-Whoa!
Ah! Buddy, what the hell are you doing?Get out of the way!
-Uh...-I saw the whole thing.
Mr. Peanutbutter said, "I'm a sad dog,"and jumped right in front of the car.
I think he's a really sad dog, you guys.You know, like the meme.
-[all gasping]-Oh, my God, I had no idea.
Mr. Peanutbutter, life is precious.That's something you hear a lot in rehab.
Hey, why'd you try to kill yourself,you stupid idiot?
-Um...-I'm no psychiatrist,
but it's probably becausehe's such a sad dog!
[gasps] Mr. Peanutbutter,
we didn't realizeyou have a mental illness.
Thank you for getting the word outabout depression.
You are truly a hero for destigmatizingthis all-too-common affliction.
Yes, a hero!
And to see more of this hero in action,
tune in to Birthday Dad this springon MBN!
Uh-huh.
Mr. Peanutbutter, I think I singfor everyone when I say...
♪ Don't hurt yourself, we love you ♪
[all cheering]
Oh, so I guess this all worked out.
-Huh?-Oh.
-Depressingly, that is.-[chuckles]
[truck beeping]
I saw your new assistant leave. Why aren't you packed?
I can't. Please don't make me.
-You don't know what I'm like out there.-Let's find out.
-Hey, that's---I won't coddle this anymore.
You're scared? Good.Go to AA meetings. Go to a psychiatrist.
But what pisses me off
is when you take a bed that someone elsecould be using to get better.
Isn't it possible I'm one of those people
that would benefitfrom staying here indefinitely?
No. You're not that special.
And you don't belong here anymore.Pack your things.
[huffs]
[inhales] Don't belong here, huh?
[sniffs]
[spits, gags] God, what am I doing?
[grunts]
[whistles tune]
No! Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit.
-[panting]-[Bobby crying]
Nobody drink any water!
[gulping]
[belches] Ooh.
[gasps]
[door opens, closes]
Wow, look at you go.
-You can't look at it yet!-Okay, okay!
Sorry. I was just kind of in it, you know?
Yeah? It's going good?
Yeah, you were right.Once I got started, it was easy.
So much of my career has beenwriting for and about other people,
and how terrible everything is.
It's actually really refreshingto just focus on myself, you know?
Well, I don't want to interrupt your flow.Please, write on.
[Doctor Champ] Oh, this is a finehow do you do.
Brad was like, "It's difficult to havea hot name but not be that hot."
Can you believe that?He's extremely attractive, no?
-I don't...-And honestly, is Brad a hot name?
-Brad Pitt, yes.-Ugh.
But like, name one other handsome Brad.
-Bradley Cooper.-Damn it!
Doctor Champ, I am so sorry.That was vodka you drank, not water.
Uh, duh!
-Jesus.-♪ I'm drunk! ♪
Shh! Shut up.If anyone hears you, there's gonna be...
I forgot how fun this is.
-Just settle down, okay?-Ah!
You're gonna spend the night hereand sober up.
Oh, so it's easy to be soberall of sudden.
[slurring] Look who thinksit's easy sober, hmm?
Shh! Doctor Champ!
It's so easy. Everything, very easy.
-[snores]-[sighs]
-[elevator dings]-[laughter]
-[grunting]-Hey, Horse.
Bad news about the Manzanita lawsuit.You think he'll settle?
Settle? Manzanita?
I'd say that's about as likelyas my daughter Sabrina skipping school
and sneaking into the office with mein my work luggage!
[audience laughter]
-Uh...-Uh...
-[director] Cut!-[bells rings]
Listen, you're doing great.Slight change of plans, though.
Sarah Lynn had to go home early.So, we need to change the episode
to being about younot bringing Sabrina to the office.
Is she okay?
Uh, only reason I'm telling you thisis you're my main guy here,
and I know you wantwhat's best for everyone.
-Of course.-Sarah Lynn got her hands on some alcohol.
-Oh, my God.-Her mother is apoplectic.
She wants to sue.
I think it's just big talk,but someone needs to be held accountable.
And as the guys in charge here,
we're responsiblefor figuring out who that's gonna be.
-What are you...-I need you to be straight with me.
-That wasn't your alcohol, right?-Oh, I don't...
It wasn't, right?
Because if it was,we're all in real trouble.
-You get what I'm saying.-Y-Yeah.
So, you don't knowwhere she got the alcohol from?
Yeah. I have no idea.
Okay. But someone's gotta answer for this.
Well, don't look at me.
Hmm...
-What?-Nothing. Just a little uneven, is all.
Oh. I'm screwed. I'm so screwed.
-It's gonna be okay.-No!
I'm drunk. Not okay.You can't let anyone know about this.
-Shush!-Yeah. Shh.
You gotta stay with me until I sober up.I can't be alone here like this.
It's okay, I'm here.
Yeah, be here.You need to stay here, BoJack.
Please. Stay.
♪ Back in the '90s ♪
♪ I was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold onto my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'm just tryingTo make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪




Season 6 ep. 6
















...and they even let the birthday boypilot the airplane!
There were no survivors.
In other news, the newly formedHollywoo "Guild of Assistants"
is meeting with industrypower brokers today
to negotiate termsfor a standard agreement.
I'm optimistic about the coming talksand confident we can avoid a strike.
Our demands are reasonable,
and our servicesare crucial to this industry.
All right, you little pishers,
let's wrap this up quick so you can allgo back to getting me wrong coffees.
-What do you want?-We have one request.
To not be treated like garbage.
It appears we are at an impasse.
[people clamoring]
-Where's my dry cleaning?-Where's my car?
I don't know any of my passwords!What's my mother's maiden name?
I'm going into labor!You need to call my doula!
Will somebody please make mea reservation at Little Dom's?
[car alarm blaring]
[theme song playing]
[birds chirping]
[groans]
Oh, no. Did I really drink last night?
Doctor Champ, I am so sorry.I-- [stutters]
-Did anyone see me?-You were in here all night.
Nobody can know about this.
There are 20 struggling addictsin this building who are counting on me.
[stammers] Of course.
I'm gonna go home, take a shower.
-This never happened.-Agreed.
But how do I get out of herewithout anyone seeing me?
[sighs]
-Whoa!-Okay, okay, easy.
This requires a surprising amountof upper-body strength.
Stop swinging. Just slide down.
Am I being inconspicuous?
Yes. Plus or minus the yelling.
-I'm just gonna let go.-Don't--
-[both scream]-[BoJack groans]
Thank you, BoJack,for being there to catch me.
Up!
[engine starts]
Ew.
"I looked in that case first chance I gotand there was that note still tied there.
That line hadn't touched waterin its life."
"Doesn't mean nothin', Alma."
"Don't try and fool me no more, Ennis.I know what it means.
Jack Twist, Jack nasty!"
[knocking on door]
The sock puppet players tributeto Ang Lee will continue after this.
-Oh. Hello, Jorge.-I have some news. It's about your mother.
Oh, is the news that you're marrying her,
inserting yourself into our familyand ruining my life?
Because I already heard that newslike 25 years ago, Jorge.
-I didn't come to your home to fight.-Then joke's on you
because you didn't come to my home at all.
-I just sleep on the couch...-[Jorge sighs]
-...since you and Mom gave me the boot.-That was ten years ago.
Which, by the way,is the only thing you ever gave me.
I gave you my name,and you have clearly wasted it.
Do you know what the Chavez namestands for?
Yes, Jorge.
Chavez! C for cerebral!H for high-minded! A for analytical!
V for veracious! E for efficacious!
And Z for zealously practical.
Feels like a cheat on the Z.
Todd, your mother needs your help.
Well, then instead of sending her husband,
she should have asked me herself,if it's so important to her.
-She's in a coma.-A rudeness coma?
No, a regular coma.
Oh, my God! Why didn't you open with that?
Please. Your mother needs a kidney.
I put her on the donor waiting list,but if you're a match...
Oh. I'm sorry.Of course I would give Mom my kidney.
-Then there's no time to waste---"Would" give her my kidney.
"Would." You need to workon your listening skills.
I sold my extra kidney just last week.
-Why?-I wanted to buy these sock puppets.
You sold your kidney for... [groans]I'm sorry I came.
If you'd like to visit your mother--
Wait. What if insteadof visiting my mother,
we got my kidney back?
Come on, Ruthie!Field trip to the organ market!
-[Ruthie coos]-[groans]
[wind howling]
[dial tone blaring]
[thunder rumbles]
Princess Carolyn, this is a catastrophe.
-You know it.-This strike has shut down the whole city!
Assistants want respect?
If we respect them, how are we supposedto work through our rage issues?
On our spouses and children?That doesn't seem fair.
There's gotta be a better way!
Uh, maybe we could circumventgiving the assistants what they want
by giving them what they think they want.
You know, like how we satiate TV creators
by giving them little vanity cardsat the end of episodes,
then sell the shows to streaming networksthat auto-skip the end credits
so no one even sees the vanity cards!
Yeah, yeah, that's good.But what do assistants want?
iTunes gift cards? Amazon gift cards?
I honestly can't think of another thingan assistant would want.
When I was an assistant,
the only thing I wantedwas not to be an assistant anymore.
[gasps] Princess Carolyn, I'll say to you
what I said to David Levywhen we were developing
The Addams Familyand brainstorming ancillary characters,
like cousins and whatnot: That's Itt!
-[man] Hey! Sad dog!-Ha-ha! You know it!
Wow. Mr. Peanutbutterand Joey Pogo in the same room?
What is this? Two days agowhen I almost hit you with my car?
[chuckles] No! That was outside!
Listen, I've been tryingto get in touch with you.
I got a call from this mental healthadvocacy group.
Those guys are jizzin' their pantsover your heroic admission
of your struggle with depression,
and they wanna help youshare your story with the world.
The world, huh?
I wanted to set up a meeting,but my assistant went on strike,
and phones, for me, are, like, what?
Even if you had your assistant,it wouldn't do any good.
My reps' assistantsare all on strike, too.
Oh, bummer. Guess there's no wayto get in touch then.
Too bad. I'd love to get together.
Goodbye, fancy room.
Goodbye, chair. Goodbye, Stinky Susan.
Huh? [sniffs]
-Where to?-Um...
Home, I-- I guess.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.Hey! Stop the car. Let me out here.
Wow, already stopping for a drink?
Thank you,your commentary is very helpful.
-Five stars, though, right?-[groans]
[slurps]
[inhales, exhales]
[sighs]
-Doctor Champ, what are you doing?-Okay.
This mood about "never have another dropof alcohol again?"
-Are we sure about this?-Okay, Doctor Champ, clearly, you--
I'm sitting here, like,whatever happened to moderation, buddy?
So, you're telling methe guiding philosophy
of the six months of rehabI just paid for is complete bullshit?
Hey, man, it works for you,it works for you.
As for me? Uh, check, please!
No, that's a figure of speech.I don't want the check.
Please replenish me with another mar-gar.
["Toccata and Fugue in D Minor" plays]
-[bell ringing]-Howdy, howdy!
Welcome to Mike and Morgan'sHouse of Organs!
We handle all your matters,from keyboards to bladders.
Mike, give it a rest.
-What's with all the boxes?-We're going out of business.
Oh, no!
I told youwe should just stick to the pianos.
You wanted to expand into body parts.
You printed the sign that said,
"For all your organ needs."I was just trying to keep us honest.
Judging from the foolishnessof your business plan,
I assume you don't keep records,
but we're trying to track downmy son's kidney.
Oh...
Sorry, all our kidneys went to Chicago.Jeremiah Whitewhale bought us out.
-[gasps]-[organ plays]
-Of Whitewhale Industries? Why?-He's stockpiling organs
because he's a rich old guywho wants to live forever.
[organ plays]
Oh, no!
Well, this was a pointless excursion.I'm heading back to the hospital.
I'm sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
No. It's my faultfor expecting anything different.
-[door opens, closes]-[groans]
Can we offer you anything on your way out?
You want a Wurlitzer or a spleen
or an industrial-sized tubof general anesthesia?
Yeah, give me the anesthesia.
[Diane] You could sneak induring the party
as long as nobody's estranged husbandwho's a cop is visiting.
Holiday party, huh?
-What? Where am I?-You're in Chicago!
-Hi, I'm Diane. This is Guy.-How you doin'?
Oh! Are you ready for introductionsor are you still processing
the whole being kidnappedacross state lines?
I'm sorry, what?
We're breakinginto the Whitewhale building.
-Why?-To get back my kidney and save Mom
and prove to youthat I'm not just a wacky screw-up
who engages primarilyin goofy whimsical mess-arounds.
-How did you get me on the plane?-We did a Weekend at Bernie's.
-[groans]-As I was saying,
tonight's the Whitewhaleemployee holiday party.
Security will be tight, but you can usemy employee ID to get in,
because I'm technicallystill on the payroll.
Wait, you didn't quit?We haven't worked there in months.
Nobody's noticed!They keep sending me checks.
Cashing them is my way of very graduallytaking down the man from the inside.
Hey. C-- can we sidebar for a minute?Is this really the best use of your time?
You've been beating yourself upabout how slowly the book's going. So...
But the book is about meand my life, so by living my life,
I am in fact working on the book.
You don't have to write this bookif you don't want to.
Of course I want to.
Okay. I'm just saying, since you started,you've been pretty down.
-Not yourself. Diane---Actually, pretty down is myself.
Can we talk about this later?We're being rude.
Why don't you offer themone of your fancy beers?
So, all we need to dois get into the party,
figure out where the kidneys are,find my kidney, and sneak out,
all without drawing attentionto ourselves.
And be careful, becauseif Jeremiah Whitewhale catches you,
he can legally murder you.
Now, can I get anyone an imperial stout?
The barley was from Portland, Maine,but the brewery is in Portland, Oregon!
This plan is ludicrous.
Hey, maybe insteadof criticizing everything
like you've done my entire life,you can get on board?
It's gonna work out.
Things don't just work out, Todd!
Of course they do!I don't know why you're so negative!
Do you want to help Mom,
or do you wanna just go backto the hospital and wait?
[sighs] Okay. I'm in.
[thunder rumbling]
I don't feel comfortable negotiatingwithout my fellow assistants present.
Yeah. This is not about that.
Good, because our demands haven't changed.
Casey, it's been so thrilling to see yougrow into your role as strike captain.
[gasps] You know, there's an openingat my company for a development exec.
I don't suppose you'd be interested?
Oh! Uh...
I'd have to think about it.I've never rea--
You'd get overpaid to read scripts,
company credit card,and a parking spot in the good garage.
-Um...-Plus, your own assistant.
-An... assistant?-[thunder rumbling]
-That is, of course, if the strike ends.-[giggles]
Well, that's a very generous offer,
but I'd have to talk it overwith my colleagues.
Why? Those are assistants.
You're not one of them anymore.You're one of us.
It's a two-year contract.
Sign right thereand your troubles are over.
[breathes heavily, exhales]
[thunder strikes]
[groans, shrieks]
[both cackling]
-[Ruthie giggles]-What's so funny?
I was just remembering a funny joke,unrelated to this.
Can you tell me what it is?
You wouldn't get it.It's about Zsa Zsa Gabor,
and it's no longer appropriatein today's climate.
You've made the right decision.You're gonna love the new job.
-Welcome to the team, Stacey.-It's Case--
[both] Hmm...
Hey! [grunts]
Sign here to run development
for Saoirse Ronan's production company,Saoirse and Rescue.
[Turteltaub] Mm-hmm.
I can't be an assistant anymore!
Shirley MacLaine threw a cactus at my head
because I set a meetingwith the wrong Steve McQueen!
How was I supposed to knowshe meant the dead one? [cries]
Shh. It's okay. Just sign hereand orchestrate your own great escape.
[Princess Carolyn chuckles]
[Turteltaub] Ooh.
[car horns honking]
Okay, I'm going in.
Todd, promise meyou'll be perspicacious in there.
Perspicacious?
-I don't know the meaning of the word.-[sighs]
-You're Diane?-Yes!
-Nguyen?-That is correct!
I find that hard to believe.
Wow, that's racist.
People don't alwayslook like their last names.
For example, I'm white,and my last name is Chavez.
I thought your last name was Nguyen.
-Oh! Uh, yeah, it is! Todd Nguyen.-Not Diane Nguyen?
Oh, yeah! Diane Nguyen.
That's me, all right,or my name isn't Todd Chavez.
Well, that was a bust.
Okay, this time,you're Diane and I'll be Jorge.
Todd, get in the trash can.
I know I'm a disappointment to you,but I do not live in a trash can, Jorge,
and I haven't for several years now! Hey!
[both grunting]
[speaking in Spanish]
Uh... What? Sorry, I...
Oh. No Español? [speaking in Spanish]
Uh... go ahead.
[indistinct chatter]
-Wow, that was amazing!-No. That was logical and straightforward.
-Another club soda, please.-[Doctor Champ] Nerd!
Doctor Champ, what is your plan?
Just gotta drink enough to be steady.
Then, you take me back to Pastichesand keep me out of trouble.
That way, you don't have to go homeand I can be a good therapy horse.
All my clients get sober, I am a winner,put my picture on a magazine. [slurps]
Look, I can't let you go back there drunk.
You don't care about me!You're scared of this guy.
You can't help anybody elseunless you're honest with yourself.
-Know what I mean?-No. I never know what you mean.
In fact, maybe I wouldn't be so scared
if you'd given me real therapyover the last six months
instead of just plying mewith folksy aphorisms.
I'm not a therapist! I'm a therapy horse,
a subtle but legallyimportant distinction.
Besides, you wouldn't acceptreal therapy from me.
Oh, and why's that?
Gee, I don't know,maybe because I'm a horse,
so I remind you of your father,
so you simultaneously resent meand crave my approval,
an approval which,ironically, if granted--
Yeah, I would dismiss immediately
and then use as an excuse to resent youeven more, what's your point?
My point is, you're stunted from havinghealthy relationships with horses, idiot!
Oh, really? Well, if that were true,
I would have almostno other horses in my life.
Right, it's almost as if all your friends
and loved onesare humans or dogs or cats--
But then how do you explainthe one horse I do care about,
my half-sister Hollyhock,who is also a reminder of my father?
If your theory were true,wouldn't I keep her at arms' length,
desperate for her to love mebut unwilling to be vulnerable enough
to allow her to hurt me?
You blockhead, she's not your father!
Hollyhock reminds youof the horse you hate the most. Yourself!
Okay, you got me!
My parents gave me an internalizedself-hatred of horses.
So, my horse body is a prisonthat I can never escape.
This manifests in rotten behavior
because I subconsciously believeI deserve to be punished,
but being famous, I'm never punished,so I act out even more.
And since this patternis so woven into my identity,
it is unfathomable to me that it canever be curbed, so instead, I drink!
Uh... Check, please!
So, the only way I can progressis to return to my life as a sober man
and finally hold myself accountablefor my actions, past and future.
Oh, my God, is this what therapy is?
Why do you keep bringing me checks?
[glasses clanking]
Uh... Doctor Champ?
[elevator dings]
Wow.
-Sorry, folks!-[both gasp]
This floor's off-limits.
-Oh, but...-Oh, thank God you're here!
I saw someone at the buffetputting ketchup on a hot dog.
-What? Not in my town!-[keys jangling]
[elevator dings]
-Wow, you are really good at this.-Let's go.
[gasps] Ooh, wow. Hmm.
Oh, look. People who selected kidneysmight also enjoy small intestines.
Just the kidney. We don't needto be up-sold on other innards.
Yes, sir.
[beeps]
Thank you for... [clears throat] this.
Uh. Once your mother is okay,we will never bother you again.
-I know that's what you want.-Why would I want that?
-You never understood me.-I raised you as my own flesh.
I was tough on youbecause I expected big things from you.
You weren't tough. You were mean.
-Because the world is mean!-Not my world!
I wanted so much for you, Todd.
I wanted to push you to be your best self.I see now that I failed you.
But you didn't fail mebecause I am not a failure.
Look... [sighs] Okay, Todd.
Why do you need to be proud of meon your terms?
Why can't you see I'm living a good life?I have friends. I have a job--
You sleep on the couchand you play with puppets all day.
I'm happy, Jorge.What more do you want from me?
I want to know that you're okay!
Then why haven't you called in ten years?
You don't think I wanted to?I'm not the one who...
-What?-[Jorge exhales]
She loves you, your mother.
But she's very proud.If you called her, she would talk to you.
Well, she can't talk nowbecause she's in a coma, right?
[sighs] Yeah.
What are they talking about?
-Oh, shit, oh, shit, oh, shit.-[keys beeping]
[groans] Chavezes! You got company!
Get out of there now! Do you read me?
[Diane on radio] Hello? Hello?
Diane? Why is there a walkie-talkiein our kitchen?
-God damn it!-[man] Uh...
Excuse me? This garageis for shopping center customers only.
[groans] Okay, fine, I'll buy a pretzel.
-Or you could just leave.-No, now I want the pretzel.
[Guy] Hey, Diane, get me a pretzel,too, please. Love you, okay?
[Jorge gasps] Someone's coming.We have to go.
I'm not going until I get my kidney.
-Todd, this is serious.-Yes, I understand.
You are very serious.
You read serious booksand listen to Sirius XM.
We have to go right now.
-Hey!-Why do you always fight me?
Why do you always tryto make me leave places?
-[man] Hey!-[both gasp]
Stay right where you are!
-Whoa! [exhales]-[grumbles]
Um...
[sighs]
[groans]
Uh, I'm sure the other assistantswill be here any minute.
Traffic's real bad because of the rain.
No one else is coming, Stuart.
-Uh... because of the rain?-They got promoted.
Your ranks are divided.
Your leadership has abandoned you.Face it, the strike is over.
Whoa. Okay.
We've drawn up a new collective agreement.
You get none of the things you asked forand you start work again Monday.
Sounds fair.
If I sign this, does that meanI get a promotion, too?
-Sure, Stuart. Someday.-[gasps]
[Marv] Princess Carolyn,I'd love to give you a raise,
but you're thinking like an assistant.
Any day now, you're gonna get promotedto agent and sign a brand-new contract,
so why are you concerning yourselfwith these assistantly trifles?
You really think I havewhat it takes to be an agent?
Someday, sure!But for now, you're my assistant,
and since you've got a similar build
to the angry ladyI fell on at the post office,
I need you to try on these apology bikinisand report back where they pinch.
-[groans]-You got it, boss.
[gasps] Oh.
-[Stuart] Um...-Stuart, don't sign that!
I just rememberedthere's a typo on page 12!
Instead of "billable hours,"I wrote, "Billy Bob showers!"
Ooh, that's not gonna fly, P.C.
That guy hasn't showered since Bad Santa.
Man Who Wasn't There?More like "Man Who Doesn't Wash There."
Sling Blade? More like "Please Bathe!"
Monster's Ball? More like "Monster Balls."Great actor, though.
Let me fix up a new version
and you can come backand sign it tomorrow.
I'll walk you to your car.
Well, this is my car.
-Really?-No. I don't own a car.
[scoffs] So why did we walkthree blocks in the rain?
I panicked! I've never been in chargeof where to go before!
You're clearly out of your depthin these negotiations.
Take this number.
Wow. This a lot of money,Princess Carolyn.
That's not an offer, it's a phone number!
Oh...
-Can you drive me home?-[sighs]
-Officer, I...-Sir, did this man attack you?
-What? No.-You can tell me if he attacked you.
-Hey! Keep your hands where I can see 'em.-Look, this is all a misunderstanding.
I'm just trying to takethis kidney back to my mom.
Whitewhale's got like a hundred of these.He won't even miss this one.
Well, aren't you a little scamp.
-[both laugh]-Oh, stop!
What?
Armageddon? More like "Arma-gettin'Away From This Stinky Guy!"
What the...? Hey, who's in my chair?
Mr. Turteltaub,I thought our meeting was at 9 a.m.
-It appears to be 9:03.-[sighs] Hello.
If you're serious about negotiating,
it's imprudent to send the messageyou don't respect our time.
To start these negotiationson the right foot,
I suggest we adjourn for the dayand start in earnest tomorrow.
-On schedule?-Um...
-Okay?-Fabulous. Princess Carolyn.
Judah.
-What the shell was that?-Let the negotiations begin.
[clears throat]Todd, I, uh... owe you an apology.
-Oh?-[inhales, exhales]
I know I was hard on youwhen you were growing up,
but I was trying to protect you.
Nothing came easy for me.
It took hard work, focus, disciplineto get me where I am today.
Things didn't just work out.
But I should have realized: you're white.
I forgive you.
She's awake.
Do you wanna come say hello?I'm sure she would love to see you.
Well, she has my number.
-That's cold, Todd.-What do you expect?
I'm a Chavez, right?
Hmm...
[groans]
-Huh? Where am I?-You're at Partridges,
the rehab clinicfounded by Danny Bonaduce.
-What about Pastiches?-I told them I was checking you in here.
Why would you do that?
Those people need meto be an example of success.
You can't help anybody elseunless you're honest with yourself.
-A wise man told me that.-Who? What wise man?
You did.I was being poetic and you ruined it.
Well, don't listen to me. I'm a drunk!
Yeah. But the first step is admitting it.
You've destroyed me.I can never go back to Pastiches now.
My husband will leave me.
I promised him I would never drink againafter what happened to our daughter.
Uh... What happened to your daughter?
You know nothing of my lifeand you think you know what's best for me?
The only reason I got drunkin the first place
is because of your contraband vodka!
-Well, yes, technically, that's true.-Of course you did this to me.
Because I cared about you.
And you ruin people who care about you.
[exhales] Well, best of luck.
I want you to remember this, BoJack.I want you to remember what you did to me.
I remember everything. I'm sober now.
[melancholic music playing]
[grunts]
[inhales, grunts]
[keys jangling]
[sighs]
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the horsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'm just tryingTo make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪
♪ BoJack ♪




Season 6 ep. 7
















[dramatic music playing]
I'm not kidding. The pills. Now!I told you, I'm on a system now.
I'm not doing drugs. I'm not like you.I don't fetishize my own sadness.
No, my hands are so slippery.
Damn it, Todd. Clean up your shit.You know I had sex with Emily.
Turns out there's a brand of heroincalled BoJack.
Please don't make me go back to LA.You can count on me, Herb.
[Todd] You are all the thingsthat are wrong with you.
[Diane] You haven't changed.
[BoJack] Yes, you are the last personto get that. I'm not gonna change.
[groans]
[sighs]
Goddamn...
[theme music playing]
[BoJack sighs]
Sharona?
[Sharona] Ow! You're hurting me.Let me go! [grunting]
Sarah Lynn got into vodka.
-Oh, my God, is she okay?-Danny knows she got it from you.
-It was yours.-Mine, yours.
What difference does it makewho brought this particular vodka?
If I take the fall for this,this whole show is over.
And that means everything I didwas for nothing.
-What you did?-To Herb, I mean.
What I did to save the show,do you understand?
-All that's pointless if it goes away now.-So, what am I supposed to do?
I have friends on Coachwho owe me a favor.
-It could be a fresh start for you.-There's no such thing as a fresh start.
It's an easy job.Craig T. Nelson's balder by the day.
What if I say n-- no?
Nobody is asking you, Sharona.
BoJack Horseman,would you like to share? I...
[stammers] I'm sorry.I don't know who you are.
This is anonymous.BoJack Horseman? Who's that?
[sighs]
Um, yeah. Um...
I'm BoJack and, uh...
God, this feels so dumb.
And I'm an alcoholic.
[all] Hi, BoJack!
Look, I can't go to the Galapagos.
Guy, you have to.This is an important job.
[laughs] It's the National GeographicSwimsuit Edition.
They want me shooting behind-the-scenesvideo of turtles in bikinis.
Seems unimportant in lightof what you've been dealing with.
What I'm dealing with?
Your psychiatrist said you're depressed.
Okay, yeah, I've been a little depressed.But I'm not like depressed.
I don't have depression.
You're smoking three packs a day,
you've been wearing the samepajama bottoms for weeks...
This is all part of my writing process.
My best stuff comes outwhen I hate myself.
[chuckles]What stuff? No stuff is coming out.
[scoffs]
I'd feel better if you just triedthe medication your doctor prescribed.
Well, I'd feel worse.
They put me on Prozac in collegeand I was so calm and boring,
I didn't even wanna LiveJournal.
And then Dawson's Creek got bad becausethere was no one to speak truth to power.
Dawson's Creek did not get bad.
You just started taking antidepressants,which you should also do now.
It sucks. It made me break out.I gained weight.
What if you leave and come backto this person you don't even recognize?
I don't even recognize you now.
You're making this a bigger thingthan it is. I'll be fine.
Don't fall for one of those models.
I'm a one-woman man.
If that woman happensto be a turtle in a two-piece,
-that's just destiny.-[chuckles]
[sighs]
[knocks on door]
[sighs] You're the most beautiful personin the world to me. You know that, right?
[chuckles]
[groans]
These strike negotiationshave lasted so long,
it's like Reds in this boardroom.
Remember Reds? Two VHS tapes.
That's too many tapes, I said,but no one listens to Lenny.
How's this look?
Generous, but you're making upthe projected loss
by excising office birthday cakes.That's unacceptable.
Everybody hates office parties.
Everyone hates the mysteriousdried fruit cubes in trail mix
but we still eat them after the other nutsand seeds are gone
because in our undervalued,overworked existence,
we're desperatefor any morsel of satisfaction,
whether that be cake,unidentifiable orange fruit shards
or the occasional kind word from our boss.
I like cake.They can print those pictures on them now.
What's the issue here?
Fine. But we're grouping birthdaysso they only happen once a month.
We accept those terms.We're left with one final issue.
Your insistence assistantsbe not treated like garbage?
From this day forth, all assistantswill be treated like recycling.
Right next to the garbage,
but with an understanding that one day,they may be up-cycled to a higher status.
Like a bunch of seatbeltsthat got turned into a purse.
Or a license plate that gets turnedinto a purse. Right, Lenny?
Sure, sure. I'm green.
-We're amenable to these terms.-Oh.
-Judah. I meant to reach out---There's no need to explain,
I know you're very busywith work and Ruthie.
[chuckles] You have no idea.
I have some idea.
You talked about it quite oftenduring the negotiations.
This strike has been the most time I'vebeen able to spend with Ruthie since...
-[coos]-...ever.
I also feel an ambivalenceabout the strike ending.
The negotiations have beenquite invigorating.
And now you're just gonna ride offinto the sunset?
No, the sun sets in the west.
I'm riding east to my Atwater cottage.[grunts] Goodbye.
-Judah!-Yes?
You're the best assistant I ever had.
You don't need ever in that sentence.It's implied.
[grunting]
[sighs]
-[indistinct chattering]-[BoJack groans]
[exhales]
-Hey! Oh, uh...-Excuse me.
Mm.
Thank you for meeting me here.I can't be at my house.
Just reminds meof what an asshole I've been.
Makes sense. Your house reminds meof what an asshole you've been, too.
-[camera shutter clicking]-Uh... what are you doing?
I'm updating my asexual dating profilewith some fresh pics.
There's still no one else on the app,but when they join, I wanna be ready.
Look at this busted photo.It's from over a year ago.
Yeah, you gotta stay current.
Oh, man, they always ask for your job.Oh, I actually have a job!
Hype man for babies.
You've really taken to thisnanny thing, huh?
I love it. It's so amazingto hold a baby and look at it sleep
and think, "This is a perfect thing."
-I can't imagine.-It's weird to think that at one point,
someone held me in their handsand thought,
"I'm going to love this kid forever,"you know? What happened?
What happened to what?
I don't know. Moms are weird, right?
Um... Yeah, moms are weird.
So, what are you gonna do now?Just keep getting lunch with your friends?
There was a stewardess in the meeting.
She was talking about how every day,she wakes up in a different place.
I thought, "That sounds perfect."
Every city a clean slate?
Stewardess?
I think the preferred termis flight servant.
[soft music playing]
To us! And depression!
[chuckles] Yes, but before I drink to thatand then depart with you
on a cross-country tourof speaking engagements
as the quote-unquote "Face of Depression,"
there is something I feelI must get off my chest.
As it says on the cover of my last single"You Can Tell Me Anything,"
you can tell me anything.
-I am not depressed.-[gasps]
Wait. How can you know that?
Well, I feel very happy.
Oh, I know.
[sighs] Just as I suspected, half-full!
Hmm. That is a troubling development.
And right before our tour!
I would be quite upset by thisif I were at all prone to depression,
which, as we've just established,I am not.
But isn't it possible thatyou are depressed and just don't know it?
Well, I do frequently not know things.
According to the literature for this tourthat I did not read
but had my mom peruseand then paraphrase for me,
people who seem happy can actuallybe the most depressed.
Oh, no! I seem very happy!
-I know.-But wait! You seem happy, too!
Oh, no, does that mean I'm also depressed?
-Oh, good thing we're going on this tour.-We gotta get the word out.
-A cinnabunny and a coffee, please.-3.25.
Four and five.
As Gandhi says, "Make the change you wishto see in the world."
Goodbye, change. Good luck out there.I'll miss you.
-Uh, what?-It's for the best. Go.
Just go, please.Don't make it harder than it has to be.
Okay.
[birds chirping]
[thunder rumbling]
-What is depression?-Depression.
-Who is depression?-You or someone you love.
-Where is depression?-A grassy field, perhaps.
If any of these words describe youor your feelings, you may suffer from...
-Depression.-...depression.
[doorbell rings]
-BoJack?-Surprise!
-Uh, is this a bad time or...?-No.
It's just...
Heat's broken. Let's go for a walk.
-Why didn't you tell me you were coming?-I didn't know.
I was in LA and I didn't want to be, so...
-I'm glad you're here.-You doing okay?
I'm doing great.I have this wonderful boyfriend.
I got an advanceon a book of personal essays.
Me, personal essays.
I mean, who am I? Sloane Crosley?
-Who's Sloane Crosley?-Good point. Who's Sloane Crosley?
Yeah, who is Sloane Crosley?
Exactly.
But the headline is you're doing great?
So great.
[slurps]
-Can I crash at your apartment?-No!
-I think I'm depressed.-Yeah?
It started when I was having troublewith my book,
and then it kind of snowballed
into my boyfriend sayingI should take antidepressants.
-Are you going to?-What's the point?
Of antidepressants? I believe the pointis to be antidepressed.
Sure. Or you just flip over the nothingand underneath there's more nothing.
Then you flip over that nothingand there's more nothing underneath that.
So, you just keep flipping over nothings,all your life,
because you keep thinkingunder all that nothing,
there's gotta be something,but all you find is nothing.
Sure, but you flip over this pizza box,uh, and look, a couch!
We're gonna break up soon anyway.
There's only so long before he gets tiredof the real me.
The real you being...?
Ta-da!
You know, someone got really madat me recently...
Mad? At you?
I know, shocking.
And he said, "BoJack, you ruin everything.
-That's what you are."-Oof.
And it actually took him saying itout loud
for me to realize how stupid that is,
even though I believed it for so long.
I bought into this idea that I was a thingthat couldn't be changed.
So, the reason I came to Chicago is...
I wanted to thank you
for believing in me when I didn't,
and for encouraging meto accept the help I needed.
Hmm.
[melancholic music playing]
[inhales, groans]
Hmm.
-[wind howling]-[shudders]
Hmm.
-[groans] Mm?-[yelps]
So, I'm really glad you're here,but a little notice next time?
Oh, yeah, sorry.
I already made plans with Tawnie.
-Hey.-[screams]
Hi, Tawnie. Why are you in the backseat?
Hollyhock and I are in a fight right now.It's both minute and massive.
How can it be minute and massive?
It's a paradox.It's Sylvia Plath wearing Saint Laurent.
[groans] Wesleyan.
Anyway, we're going to a show.You're welcome to join us.
Great. A music show? I love music.
[discordant sounds playing]
Oh, God, is this what music sounds likewhen you're sober?
-Do I hate music?-No, this sucks.
I'm just here becauseI wanted to cheer up Tawnie.
I thought you were in a fight.
Yeah, but I still don't want herto feel bad.
She's my best friend.They cancelled all the drama classes.
What? Why?
The acting professor quit.He got cast in a regional commercial.
And he quit? Wow.
So, yeah, now Tawnie's gottachange her major,
which I get why that sucks,
but don't take it out on me.
I'll bet a lot of actors would loveto teach at a place like this.
They're not looking for a replacement?
Maybe they are. I don't know.What do I look like, the Wesleyan Argus?
Okay, I don't wanna be fighting anymore,so can we just drop it?
-You always do this.-I'm trying to move past it.
You said we were gonna meetat Pi Café for dinner.
-I forgot.-Yeah.
That hurt my feelings.Now we're just supposed to move past it?
Ah, I see. A teachable moment.
Hollyhock, people will disappoint you.
You're always mad at me.There's nothing I can say.
Yes, some wounds will never be healed.
You could say sorry.
-Would it even matter?-No, words are meaningless.
Yes. You do this thing whereyou don't think you can ever be forgiven,
so you don't apologize,
but I can't forgive youif you don't say you're sorry.
Okay, I'm... sorry.
Thank you. That's all I wanted.
-I'm sorry.-I love you.
I love you, too.
Come here. Mm!
That's it?
-Come on, let's dance. [chuckles]-Yeah!
-Uh... [groans]-[Hollyhock] BoJack!
I'm really glad you came to visit.
-Where are you going next?-I don't know.
-Where is not winter?-California?
No, I can't go back there. Not yet.
-Florida?-[groans]
-Arizona?-Some parts of Texas?
[groans]
I'm telling you, people cometo the airport just to eat these things.
But if their houses were madeof cinnamon and dough,
they wouldn't have to go anywhere!
They could eat and live happilyin their Cinnabungalow.
Well, I think it's a great ideaand this customer thinks so, too.
-Right, Lonely Horse Guy?-Sure.
He loves it! You better get in on thisbefore there's a bidding war.
[sighs] No, I'm not dating anyone.Stay on topic, Mom.
And Amelia Earhart flew through the skies
until one day, she made it to the sunand everybody cheered. The end.
[knocking on door]
-[Princess Carolyn] Oh.-Hey.
I'm out of rehab and I realized I nevergot you a baby shower gift, so... here.
I'm registered at Cubs 'R' Usand Baby Hole, but thanks.
If I'm gonna live in that house again,
I wanna get rid of the thingsthat remind me of my old life.
Look what Uncle BoJackbrought you, Ruthie.
It's a 1970s pop art interpretationof the Narcissus myth.
How appropriate for a baby.
Narcissus?I thought the painting was about me.
But enough about your baby,I also have a favor to ask.
Of course you do.
There's this drama professor jobat Wesleyan.
They need a reference to tell themthat I know what I'm talking about,
that I'm dependable and passionate.
So, I thought that you could dowhat you've been doing for 20 years
and lie about me.
I'll be back at the office tomorrow.
But have them call my cellbecause my assistant is terrible.
[cooing]
-Oh, shit, it walks already?-She started a few days ago.
[sniffles] Oh.
It's okay, she sucks at it now,but she'll get better at it.
I'm gonna miss everything.We have this connection now.
What if that goes awaywhen I go back to work?
So don't go back.
What? I'm dying here, BoJack.I need my job. I love my job.
-Okay.-It's just...
There's always so much stupid bullshitto take care of there.
Aren't you the boss?Why are you doing the stupid bullshit?
I don't know.
Hey, my only responsibility right nowis to not drink and I'm barely getting by.
You are producing a show,running a company,
catering to your clients,raising a child, a Todd.
You need your own Princess Carolynto take care of you.
[Ruthie babbling]
-[both gasp]-Oh, no! That thing was priceless.
Ah, we'll tape it back togetherand call it a Rauschenberg.
I've been back in LA two months.When am I gonna hear about this job?
I have other offers, you know.UCLA, USC, UTI.
[groans] Mr. Horseman, we have to allowother applicants time to apply.
Raven-Symoné is circling.
Raven! She's circling around,portending my doom?
Is she gonna swoop inand peck out my chances?
That is so... like her.
I still can't get comfortable in my house.
It's huge and perfect, but it feelslike the worst place on earth.
No offense, Benny, living inyour storage locker sounds pretty rough.
Every day, it just keeps getting better.
God, you're killing me, Benny.
My house reminds meof the horse I was before.
I don't wanna be him again.
But it's the same house, the same city,
just nothing's changed,so how am I supposed to?
-Hey.-Sharona, I--
We don't need to dowhatever your sad eyes are asking for.
It was a long time ago.
I'd like to try to--
The last time I saw youwas my rock bottom.
I've been sober ever since.
So it all worked out, okay?
Please, just let me say it.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
It was nice of youto bring Panda Express for everyone.
-Right. Everyone.-[chuckles]
What do you say?Once more for old time's sake?
-[scissors snipping]-I can't believe
you have been dying your hairfor 20 years. What color is this? Sharpie?
Okay. I dye my hair.Nobody makes fun of Dennis Rodman.
They don't? Huh.
-What do you think?-I look old.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hello?-[grunts] Raven's out.
She taught a workshop at Spelmanand to quote Raven, "Nevermore."
Spring semester starts next week.Can you be here?
I'll be on the next plane.
Welcome to Wesleyan, Professor.
-Is it like a Jesus thing?-No, it's not that. I told you.
I'm just confused, is all.Because I thought you liked me.
I do, but I was very clearthere are certain things
that I'm not interested in.
[man] So, why did you go out with mein the first place?
-Because I like you! But it's complicated.-And you're sure it's not a Jesus thing?
Fine, if it helps end this conversation,yes, it's a Jesus thing.
Hey, I admire your devotion.
What would Jesus do? Not this guy.[chuckles]
-It's not a Jesus thing.-I figured.
I don't wanna presume anything,
but there's an appyou might be interested in.
An app?
-[snoring]-[tires screech]
[groans]
[woman on PA]Welcome to Dulles International Airport.
Looks like it's so icy,
all connecting flightshave been grounded.
We are happy to offer all passengersa complimentary hotel stay
until we can get you on your way.
And the luggage doors are iced shut,so your bags are probably gone forever!
-Ugh!-Thank you for flying with us
and enjoy DC.
Huh.
-[clears throat] Hmm.-[camera shutter clicks]
-[BoJack] What?-Is that ol' BoJack Horseman?
Oh, no, it's old BoJack Horseman!'Cause your hair is grey.
-What are you doing in DC?-Addressing Congress, of course.
Getting the word out and raising awarenessand so forth.
You're lookingat the National Face of Depression!
-You're the National Face of Depression?-Yep!
-This face?-Uh-huh.
-You're depressed?-Hey, I wanna show you something.
Hey, partner, sit tight.I'll be right back.
You got it, SD.
Sad Dog. [chuckles]
[sniffing]
Jackpot!
You're in a museum! Pretty cool, huh?
-Huh, that is pretty cool.-Doggy-doggy, what, now?
♪ Knick-knack, patty whackGive a dog a bone! ♪
[sighs] That makes sense.
[panting]
Well, looks like you finally gotyour crossover episode.
What? Oh, my God. Okay.
-Is this real? Is this happening?-Yeah.
Okay, you knock on the door here.
Excuse me, are you Zachary's father?
I think our adopted teensgo to school together!
Yeah, yeah. Our teens. Our adopted teens.
Like you said, they're...[in high-pitched voice] It's a crossover!
They sure have been spendinga lot of time together, huh, our teens?
[in normal voice]I hope they're not having S-E...
Excuse me. [sobbing] It's just--
I'm so overwhelmed.
-This is the best day! [crying]-Oh.
Oh, God. Oh.
He's the National Face of Depression.
[woman] We have rescheduled your flightto Connecticut for 8:45 a.m. tomorrow.
Please stay on the line for a survey
that directly determines whetheror not I get fired--
[phone beeps]
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
["Take Me Down Easy" playing]
-[knocks on door]-Come in.
Pardon my state.
I was mid-trek up the Los Angeles Crestwhen I received your text.
-You had a question for me?-Yes.
Would you be interested in interviewing
for a job hereas VIM's Chief of Operations?
You'd be a partnerwith a stake in the company,
and a birthday cake just for you.
I would be interested in that interview.
-Do you want the job?-Yes.
Great. Interview done.
Your first task isto clear my schedule every third Friday.
I'm taking them offto be with my daughter.
And there's a weird burnt smellcoming from the copy room.
I'm familiar with that smell.I'll investigate right away.
Thanks, Judah.
My pleasure.
[sighs]
-[cell phone chimes]-Oh.
Huh.
[cell phone buzzes, beeps]
Hi, Mister!
Pickles! Other than being away from you,
I gotta say I am havingthe time of my life being depressed!
I'm so glad.
I sense a sadness in your voice,my gherkin. But maybe not?
At this point,I really don't know the difference.
You sensed correctly.
I thought it'd be easy to get even,but I've slept with 32 guys now,
if you count the two sets of twinsas two and not four.
I do.
And the truth is,none of them are like my Mister.
I just wish I could cheat on you with you.
-Mm.-[muffled grunting]
-Hmm?-[Joey] Whoa. Uh-oh.
[laughs] Hanging in there. [grunts]
Hmm... I think I may have an idea.
♪ 'Cause there was no sunlight ♪
♪ Just ask my mother ♪
-♪ When I treated myself hard ♪-Huh! [chuckles]
♪ I crumble and fall ♪
♪ So take me down easy ♪
Huh.
♪ Take me down easy ♪
♪ Let me land softly ♪
-[bells tolling]-♪ Back in your arms ♪
My fellow horses, are we doomed to diein the shadow of our sins?
[all] Nay!
Does thy Lord turn His back on His colts?
-Nay!-Nay.
Nay, for to forgive is divine.
Unless thou art a witch,then God wills ye be burnt at the stake.
-[clears throat]-There, Goody Oats! Seize her!
No, no, no! [screaming]
[door slams]
If God forgives thee,thou must also forgive thyself.
"Though thy sins be like scarlet,they shall be white as snow."
It is only when we show ourselvesforgiveness and mercy
that we truly live a life of grace,that we are reborn.
Turn to the horse next to youand offer a sign of grace and peace
in the name of the Lord.
[man] Peace be with you.
-Peace be with you.-Uh, peace be with you.
-Peace be with you.-Peace be with you.
Peace be with you. Peace be with you.
Peace be with you. Peace be with you.
-[man] And also with you.-Peace be with you.
And that concludes our reenactmentof an early Horsey service! Thank you.
[sighs]
Looks like you found some solacein our show.
Stay if you like.In 30 minutes, we start over.
♪ Take me down easy ♪
♪ Take me down easy ♪
♪ Let me land softly ♪
♪ Back in your arms ♪
♪ 'Cause I can sing the sad songs ♪
♪ It's easy to find them ♪
♪ The worst kind of heartbreak ♪
♪ Won't leave you alone ♪
♪ So take me down easy ♪
♪ Take me down easy ♪
♪ Let me land softly ♪
♪ Back in your arms ♪




Season 6 ep. 8 
















[monks chanting]
-[waves crashing]-[bell tolling]
A hummingbird smiled at meon my walk this morning.
In small pleasures such as this,I'm reminded of the presence of the Lord.
-As you ought.-And yet...
-No.-Out with it, Sister Marguerite.
To hesitate is to waste time,
which is a sin when timecould be elsewise spent in prayer,
or handwashing Monsignor Toscani's1962 Alfa Romeo,
which is itself a form of prayer,is it not?
Of course. Yet I find myself consumedby thoughts of my past.
You have no past. You've confessed.
Your sins have been washed clean.
This is like day one stuff,what are we talking about here?
The people I've hurt,the lives I've ruined,
are they washed clean as well?
Your regrets are of no benefitto the Lord.
Ruminating so is a solipsism unbefittinga sister of the cloth.
Is it solipsism to be concernedwith the fates of others?
Perhaps one could arguecloistering oneself from the world
is itself a form of solipsism.
[stammers] If one were being ungenerous.
Remember when you first arrived hereand you didn't talk for like two years?
I will trouble you no further, Mother.
Lord, how you challenge mewith so vexing a pupil.
-[car engine starts]-Hmm?
[shouts] What dereliction is this?!
When you get to Heaven,look up Margo Martindale!
I won't be there, but my movies will!
-[tires screech]-[Margo shouts]
[theme music playing]
I wanna know what's changedsince the strike.
Are assistants treated better or havethings reverted to business as usual?
Yeah, give me ten inches.I also want a roast beef sub.
-Six inches.-[intercom beeps]
-[woman] Paige Sinclair is on her way up.-Ah, shit.
She's the best reporterthis building's ever seen,
but, goddamn,is that woman a pain in the ass.
[Paige] Colleagues!
Your eyes do not deceive!
You may find my gown overly formalfor the workplace,
but that is because I am, as of today
formerly a memberof this vaulted institution.
As I'm to be wed tonight
and the newsroom is no roomfor a domesticated woman,
-I bid you farewell.-[man screams]
Okay, goodbye.
Yes, mine was a storied runas the star reporter for "The Reporter."
"Front Page Paige," they called me!
-Well, we'll miss you, Paige.-Indeed.
My shoes don't fill easy,
my left foot striking a more robustsilhouette than her starboard sister.
But I cannot prolong my engagement.
After all, time, as they say,is a river without banks.
Time may not have banks,but this periodical certainly does.
Maximillian Banks, at my service!
[scoffs] Maximilian Banks.
I may lack your nose for news,but I've got an eyeball for a highball!
Why, this man couldn'tstring together two clauses
without ending on a preposition.
I don't know what you're referring to.
You could fill a librarywith all the things you don't know.
In fact, they do.They call them libraries.
Guys, we're trying to work here.
No matter, I shan't be staying.
My sweet betrothed, Baxter Bellamy,
awaits with champagneto chauffeur me directly to my nuptials,
and I didn't think I'd visit long,
so I left him in the carwith the windows up. [chuckles]
Good, I've got businessto attend to as well.
I'll have you know it's almost timefor my mid-morning confabulation
with a former stage mother to the stars,Mrs. Carol Himmelfarb-Richardson.
You've been taking those phone calls?!
Yes, she is as loony as a Canadian dollar,
but she is a scintillatingconversationalist.
Oh? What about the conversation scintillates?
She calls every day to see if we haveany information on her dead daughter.
-The answer's always no.-Sounds like a scoop.
It's not. It's a pop star who overdosed.Open-and-shut case.
-All the better for opening and shutting.-Why do you have that?
Baxter, my boy,my dear sweet beautiful bridegroom,
best put the champagne on ice.
I've got a story that simply demandsmy attention
and I just couldn't marry youbefore it's settled.
I'd only be distracted,which isn't fair to you or me.
Oh, darling, I've already committedto being your wife.
What, you need to hear a few measly words?
Well, "I do." Does that satisfy?
I do, I do, I do,
and I do want youto wait for me to ring you again shortly.
[snorts] I knew you'd understand.
Oh. Mm! [snorts]
Now, as to the girl.I smell beans. Spill 'em.
The girl's name was Sharon Lynn.
It's Sarah Lynn.
Hmm...
♪ Don't you touch my prickly muffin ♪
Did you ever notice that this music videotakes place in a planetarium,
-and Sarah Lynn died in a planetarium?-Huh.
-Uh... Hey, Tawnie.-[music stops]
Are we going to this party?
I didn't come all the way downto Manhattan
to just watch you watch your boyfriend
be on the internetat his parents' fancy house.
Don't parent-shame him, Hollyhock.
It's not Trey's fault he grew upin an Upper Westside brownstone.
Also, I'm not her boyfriend.We're uncomplicated like that.
Come on! We're missing the party.
What? No. If we show up before 2:00,everyone's gonna think we're losers.
Fine. But can't we do something elsewhile we wait? [gasps]
Let's explore the city!
-[sighs]-[siren wailing]
The Big Apple.
There she is.
Apparently, there's a bar around herecalled Hartigan's.
My cousin and his friends call it"They-Don't-Cardigan's." I don't get it.
Wow, a real New York bar.That could be cool.
Yeah, a bar! But how often are wein New York?
Let's go to the topof the Empire State Building,
like the big apein that movie, Sleepless in Seattle!
All right! Big building!
[thunder rumbling]
Lord, we thank You for this bounty-- Ella?
That place you sent me didn't fix me.
Because I am not a thing to be fixed,Daddy.
Have a seat. We're havin' bacon-blastedchicken fingers from Chicken-4-Dayz.
I'm not staying. I'm going to a placewhere the people accept me.
You sit your ass in that chair, Ella,because that place is right here.
Oh, Daddy!
That's what I wish I'd said.
I haven't seen Ella in four years,but every night I bring home dinner,
I get an extra bucket of bacon-blastedchicken fingers just for her,
so that if she ever comes home...
she'll know that she's welcomeat our table.
Huh?
Kelsey Jannings,our little indie film darling,
I think I speak for both of uswhen I say gooba, gooba, hey, yah, yah!
Tears. Feel my cheeks.Damp cheeks over here.
I do notice it's notas Chicken-4-Dayz-focused
as maybe it seemed in the outline stage?
Talk us through your journey there.
What do you want?You want a close-up of the bucket?
Ooh, I think that would make itfeel like a commercial,
and what's so innovativeabout this content
is that it's not a commercial.
Right, I forgot about the innovative partof it. Excuse me.
Our target demo responds poorly
when they feelthey're being advertised to,
but they love stories that engage themon their level,
utilizing themes of inclusivity,as well as dunking on the olds.
Ah, yes, teens love dunking on olds,is there any way to get more of that in?
-Well, we already shot the ad.-Not an ad.
The immersive product placement journey.
But maybe I can find takesthat are in more of a dunking tone,
as well as shotsthat highlight more prominently
but do not feature the bucketof chicken-bacon finger-blasters.
Thank you for letting us help you shareyour beautiful vision with the world.
No. Thank you.
[bicycle bell rings]
[scoffs] I'm sorry, it's bullshit.
A gig's a gig.
And Vassar doesn't accept indie credin lieu of my daughter's tuition.
I just don't believe it.You're a way better director than I am.
If you'd told me that one dayyou'd be doing chicken commercials--
-Not a commercial.-That you'd be doing
sponsored content pre-rollfor Beverly Hillbillies reruns on Gronkle
while I'm directing anotheraction-adventure blockbuster,
this one set in the worldof competitive ballroom dancing,
working title, "Balls to the Wall,"if you'd told me that...
You'd be super-stoked?
Yeah, first, I'd be really stoked,
but then eventually,I would get around to being outraged.
-[coughing]-[groans]
It is fun that we're both workingon the same lot, though.
-Right?-Yeah.
-[cell phone buzzing]-Sorry.
-What now?-[man speaking indistinctly]
Again? Okay.
-Yeah. I'll talk to her.-[phone beeps]
What are these new pages?Why do I have new pages?
You don't like the new pages?
[groans] The content of the pagesis not the issue, Justin.
-Yeah.-I spent time preparing the other pages.
You understand?
I rehearsed them. I studied them.That's precious time I'll never get back!
And then some person--I don't know this person--
And by the way, I don't like strangepersons knocking on my door
and then letting themselves in.The knock is so I can tell you to enter.
If you just enter, what is the purpose of the knock?
You're right, of course.
My point is about the pages.Why are you throwing new things at me?
The insurance guys are nixingthe car chase.
We had to think fast, so we put togethera new hand-to-hand combat scene
we're gonna throw on topof the meringue number.
-So, it's a stunt?-I thought you'd be excited.
I'm excited!It's more time spent on your face.
Ever since I directed you in that episodeof "FBI: Female Body Inspectors,"
I thought... [chuckles]"I gotta give this woman her close-up."
Don't produce me, Justin.
[sighs] Is there choreography?When am I learning this stunt?
April's gonna be on set.She'll make sure you understand the stunt.
-And it's gonna be safe?-We are taking every precaution.
And we are not gonna shootuntil you are 100 percent comfortable.
Thank you.I didn't mean to bite your head off.
-I just don't like being surprised, okay?-Totally my fault.
I should've warned you.
Is there something else going onthat I should know about?
I'm fine. I'm actually beingreally cool here.
I'm not some kind of monsterjust because I don't like surprises.
I'm number one on the call sheet.I'm entitled to a little respect.
No, you're right.
I mean, I've worked on projectswhere the number one on the call sheet
was like an actual crazy person,so I think I'm being really cool.
-You are being so cool.-Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
[sighs]
[Gina] Can you waituntil you're out of earshot
to make your exasperated sighs, please?
Yes, sorry!
[jazz music playing]
[all] Huh? [dogs panting]
[chuckles] Kelsey! You can'tcompare yourself to Justin Kenyon.
-What's the difference?-The difference is he has a great agent.
[chuckles] That was a joke,but I see you're in no mood.
I'm a good director.
Yes, but Justin's moviesmake actual money.
The last big movie you were on,you got fired off of.
Explain this to me.
I didn't breakinto the Nixon Library alone
and yet I'm the only onewhose career has suffered.
Why do you think that is?
Kelse, I don't know by what fancythe fates push us about
in their great cosmic dance.
-I am but an agent.-What about these stories I keep hearing
about how people wanna hiremore female directors?
Oh, they want to, they want to so bad.Just not for this particular project.
Which particular project?
Anyone. I mean, you name it.Whatever Paul Feig's doing.
You need to get me out of director jail.
Even Roman Polanski works more than I do,and he should be in actual jail.
[laughs] Yeah, for his lastcouple of movies, at least, right? Woof!
No. Not for his last couple of movies.
Carol, be a doll and tell this damewhat you told me.
I just don't understandwhy my daughter would start using again.
She was sober.She was going to AA meetings.
You suspect foul play?
Listen to this,the last voicemail I ever got from her,
-a month before she died.-[beeps]
[Sarah Lynn] Hey, Mommy.
I got out of a meetingand we're making amends,
so I just wanted to say I'm sorryI'm such a disappointment. [chuckles]
I'm sorry my platinum records clashed
with the chic minimalismof your new sun room.
And I'm sorry I didn't introduce youas my older sister
when we met David Hasselhoffat the Kids' Choice Awards.
And I'm sorry I've never beenenough for you, Mommy!
What an angel.She just wanted me to be happy.
What is the "we"?
-What?-Yeah! At the beginning.
She says, "We're making amends."Who's this "we"?
[camera shutter clicking]
You know, we don't have to goto this party if you don't want to.
What? I'm the one who keeps saying,"Let's go to the party."
The only reason I came down here was sowe could go to this party and get drunk.
Come on. I've gone to likea hundred parties with you.
You always say you're gonna drink,
and you never do, which is fine,by the way!
No one's ever offered me a drink.
I keep waitingfor this famous peer pressure
I've heard so much aboutand it never happens!
You wanna go have a drink? Here I am,your peer, pressuring you.
[chuckles]
I'm nervous about losing control,you know?
I think drinking alcoholmight not be for you.
But I don't wanna be scared of somethingthat's supposed to be fun.
That's why I wanna go to that partywith a bunch of strangers.
Because if I'm gonna lose control, I don'twant it to be in front of people I know.
-Okay, weirdo.-[chuckles] You're a weirdo.
Because I am not a thing to be fixed,Daddy.
Do you think we should ADR her saying"Daddy-o"? Is "Daddy-o" more of a dunk?
-[groans]-[cell phone rings]
-Hello?-Um, hello?
Am I speakingto the future director of "Fireflame"?!
-What's that?-"Fireflame"! It's a superhero movie!
Ugh. Another one?
Yes, but the difference is this one'sabout a lady superhero,
which means this one you couldactually get hired on!
I don't want them to hire mejust because I'm a woman.
Ugh. You think Justin Kenyon says,
"I don't want them to hire mejust because I'm a man"?
Of course not! He says, "Money,money, money. Nom, nom, nom."
I have heard him say that.
Besides, they don't want thisto be just another superhero movie.
They're looking for someone who can makea superhero movie with a twist!
So, what, they want me to pitch the twist?
-No, the twist is that it's a woman.-Oh.
But they do wanna hear your take,
by which I mean they want you,as a woman, to tell them their take.
Hmm...
[man] I've been saying for years
as soon as we run outof popular male characters
and we've given them each two sequels,we have to make a movie about Fireflame!
I think that's really edgyand outside the box.
Outside is exactly where we're tryingto be, in relation to the box.
We really think Fireflame can connectwith today's Yas Queen culture.
Yeah, I got a real Yas Queen vibefrom her.
She comes in, she saves the day,everyone loves her!
-Wow.-Oh.
Didn't I tell you this would makea great movie?
Uh, pretty sure I told you, Nancy.I have always loved Fireflame.
I'm sorry. I remember now,you did tell me that.
Well, uh, thanks for coming in.
We're obviously gonna hear a lot of takes,
but it seems like you havea special connection to the material.
I do.
[elevator dings]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[Paige snorting] Aw. Aha!
I'm famished. Let's find a place whereI can get a glass with an olive in it.
Try to stay on task, won't you, Maxy?
If Sarah Lynn was going to meetings here,someone must have seen her,
and if someone saw something,
then I wanna know it,particularly as it pertains--
What crime have I committedto deserve so long a sentence?
I've got a point.
Once you arrived at it,send me a postcard.
The starlet was alonewhen she died, right?
But there was someone elsewith her while she was blotto.
Who was that person? What'd they see?
And why weren't they mentionedin the police report?
There's your who, what and why.
Get a when and a where in there,and we've got ourselves a story.
Bully for you, you're almost caught upto where I was an hour ago.
Let's chat again in an hourwhen you've gotten to where I'm at now.
Sounds good.
In the meantime, someone in this buildingmight just offer the key
that opens the gate to the garden
with the tree that bears the fruitthat is our scoop.
Get someone to squeal on an AA meeting?
I do believe one "A"of the two stands for "anonymous."
The other "A",I could not possibly fathom.
I envy your faith in the honorand discretion of other people.
Let's see how that honor stacks upagainst the desire
to dish on celebritiesso as to appear swank by association.
Excuse me, kind stranger.I'm writing a story
-on the efficacy of your program.-Uh-huh.
I understand one of the pillarsis anonymity, but if you could...
I once saw Craig Ferguson here!I don't know why I said that.
[gasps] Oh.
I really shouldn't say. It's anonymous,but I have seen Robert Downey, Jr.
Jamie Lee Curtis winked at me once.
Colin Farrell, Russell Brand,the Ikea Monkey.
-Sarah Lynn, I've seen.-Really?
About a month before she died.It was pretty clear she was using.
Well, how do you figure?Did she say something?
She didn't, but her friend did.
-Her friend?-Large fella.
I think he was a horseor a bull maybe, it's hard to remember.
Kind of like a rounder Brad Garrett type,but with a very forgettable face.
He told a story, though, I remember that.
It was about a trip he took to...New Mexico.
-Oh?-Yeah, it was about a girl and a mother.
Oh, this is so long ago now.
I think he had sex with the girl,or maybe he had sex with the mother?
Well, do get your story sorted,but I'd prefer it if it's sordid.
And this man left with Sarah Lynn?
Do you recall anything elseabout this man, his name, perhaps?
No, but I remember the girl's name.
Yes, Sarah Lynn,now we're all up to speed.
No, the girl from his story.The one in New Mexico.
He was weirdly proud of it,said her name was Penny Carson.
Carson, eh?
"Penny Carson," he said. "And that'sher real name, you can look her up!"
I remember thinking,"Why does he want us to look her up?"
[both] Hmm.
So she's sexy,but don't you call her sweetheart.
-[laughs] Boy.-Oh, that is so Fireflame.
-[yelps]-Oh, wow!
-Stop!-What?
-I'm sorry, I can't let you---Uh, excuse me.
Are you already-- Sorry.I'm sure she's got a great pitch,
but the movie you want,it's just not realistic.
Sure it is.Wendy Wiggum ate fire as a baby
and now she holds the powerof the Fireflame. It's all very logical.
No, I just mean you're doing thisall wrong.
She saves the day,and everybody loves her?
I mean, yeah, that makes senseif she's a man.
But it's never worked like that for me.
Well, this isn't about you.
That's right! It's about an exotic dancerwho's also interdimensional.
No. I mean the rules are differentfor women.
If you're a womanand you save the day, nobody loves you.
People take you for granted,or worse, they resent you.
They punish you.
The more powerful you are,the more they'll take your power away.
And I just think if your movie is smart,you'll acknowledge that.
-Ooh, yeah, sounds like a bummer.-Yeah, it's a bummer.
Being a superhero is hard.Otherwise, everyone would do it.
Okay, well, thank you for--
Maybe that is a bad superhero movie.Not aspirational enough, I don't know.
But it's real. And it's different.
Also, in my version, she's gay. Okay, bye!
[door closes]
[elevator dings]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
[tango music playing]
You're not bad for a beginner.
Wrong on both counts.
I'm no beginner. And I'm very bad.
[both humming]
[groans]
-[shouts]-Whoa!
Ow! What the hell?
-Cut! Is everyone okay?-I don't know. Do I have a concussion?
-You fell like a foot.-[groans]
-Why did you drop me?-Why'd you scream at me?
-Hey, guys---I didn't know he was gonna dip me.
-That's not what we rehearsed!-You said to have fun with it.
I meant fun energy.I didn't mean change the choreography.
I can't do this. I am number oneon the call sheet...
-[overlapping dialogue]-...and all I ask for is a modicum
-Breaking news! She's number one!-of respect and professionalism.
Okay, let's everybody cool down.
Do not tell me to cool downlike I'm the crazy person here.
I'm just trying to havea safe workplace environ--
I had you.What the fuck is wrong with you?
-I'm... I'm going home.-Gina, we need to get this sequence,
-and we are already behind.-Not my problem.
I get that you're mad, and you'retotally right, but everybody else here--
Not my problem.
-[Gina sighs]-[grunts]
You got that dip, though, right?
[dance music playing]
Okay. Trey and I will be in the coatroom,doing hand stuff.
-Otherwise, you don't know anybody here.-[chuckles]
[indistinct chattering]
-[grunts] Hey!-Sorry.
-[gulping]-[laughing]
[groans]
[snoring]
-[breathing heavily]-[muffled noise]
[heart beating]
-[man] Oh! What do you see?-What?
You're having an anxiety attack, so lookaround the room and tell me what you see.
I-I see people partying and passing out!
What else do you see?
Um, books. Pizza boxes.I see light fixtures.
I see an odd amount of floor poofs.
-Okay, now say your name.-Hollyhock.
-Last name too.-No, we'll be here all night.
-You feel any calmer?-Yeah, actually. A little bit.
It's a trick my psychiatrist taught me.It's supposed to help you ground yourself.
-Thanks.-Except for the saying your name part.
That's not really part of it.I just wanted to know your name.
Oh. Okay, cool.
I-I'm Peter, by the way.
Just so you don't have to wait for meto have an anxiety attack too. [chuckles]
-Hollyhock.-Yeah, I know.
Oh. [chuckles] Right.
So, this party's kind of crowded.You wanna go get some air?
Yeah. But it's pretty cold out.
-Oh, yeah, that's true.-But we're wearing jackets!
Also true.
Darling, you must keep the cake cold
and the flowers freshfor just a moment longer.
This story has revealed itself
to be thornier than a rose bushand just as sweet. [chuckles]
When shall I return?Well, I haven't sorted that out yet.
It seems I've goneto New Mexico for a spell.
-[wind howls]-Whoa!
Well, we're here.
So I wanted to talk to you becauseI'm directing a new movie: "Fireflame"!
"Fireflame"? Get that money.Nom, nom, nom, nom, nom, nom!
Yeah. So I need an actress.Someone tough, but vulnerable.
I know you're working with Gina Cazador.What do you think of her?
[stammers] Look, if you've seen her work,you know what she can do.
She's very versatile. Really talented.
But personality-wise, what's she like?Is she good to work with?
I can't risk any drama on set.There's too much riding on this for me.
[sighs] If I'm being honest,I can't recommend her.
-No?-Especially if you have a lot of stunts.
I mean, don't get me wrong,she's great on camera. She just...
-Uh... She can be a little difficult.-What do you mean?
I don't know what happened.
I worked with her a couple years ago,she was great, but, um...
[inhales sharply]
Oh, you know who'd be perfect?Courtney Portnoy!
Oh! I love her.
I've heard nothing but good things.
[gulping]
[coughs]
It's fine.You're not even supposed to like it yet.
It tastes okay-er over time.
Yeah, I'm kind of aspiring to be okay-erover time myself.
You know, I actually didn't even drinkfor like all of college.
I had some shit go downin high school, and...
You know, there was this girl in my town.Anyway, it's a long story.
No, I wanna hear it.
Okay. She had this manliving in her house.
You mean like more than one dad?
No, no, she had just the one dad,but then there was this other guy.
-Weird.-Totally weird, right?
Okay. So this girl was best friendswith my girlfriend.
We all went to prom together:me, my girlfriend, the girl, and the man.
Wait, the man went to prom with you?Yeesh.
That's not even the yeesh-iest part.
This guy bought us bourbonand practically forced us to drink it,
and then when my girlfriendgot alcohol poisoning,
he just ditched us at the ER.
Was your girlfriend okay?
Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah.I mean, it was scary in the moment.
We were there all nightand they pumped her stomach.
And I was pretty traumatized for a while.[stammers] But things are good now.
Things are good. Because at some point,I realized it wasn't the alcohol's fault,
or Maddy's fault, or my fault.It was just some shitty dude, you know?
Totally.
But you know the craziest part of all?
The guy, he's actually kind of famous.
-Really?-Yeah, I never heard of him,
but it turns outhe's kind of a movie star.
Who is he?
[exhales] Um...
Who is he?
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'm just tryingTo make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪-♪ BoJack! ♪




Season 6 ep. 9
















[BoJack] What is acting?
Anyone?
-Anyone?-[grunts]
Acting is about leaving everything behind,and... [clicks tongue, sighs]
And becoming something completely new.
What is acting? Anyone?
Acting is aboutleaving everything behind, and...
becoming something completely new.
[exhales deeply]
[classical music]
[pants]
Becoming something completely new. [sighs]
[both] Huh?
[exhales] Hey-o!
[chuckles nervously] Oh...
What is acting?
Anyone?
Anyone?
Acting is about leaving everything behindand becoming something completely new.
Nailed it.
[grunts]
And that's a Sharpie.
[theme music playing]
[clears throat]
Good morning,my name is Professor Horseman,
which will remainon that whiteboard forever,
and this is Intermediate Scene Study.
What is acting? Anyone?
-[all] Ooh!-Oh! Okay. You.
According to Stanislothski,
acting is the desireto create inside of oneself
another, deeper, more interesting life
than the onethat actually surrounds him...
or her.
-Oh, okay, yes, but also... Yes?-[girl] Oh!
Meisner would say, "Acting is behavingtruthfully under imaginary circumstances."
Acting is behaving truthfullyunder imaginary circumstances.
Uh, okay, wow. So, that's acting.But what is--?
Guys, I'm concerned this classis getting very theory-qua-theory...
 I was about to say that.
...when technique should be a meanstoward a more engaging art.
-Well, quite astute.-Sorry, horse professor. What's acting?
Um...
Acting is the, um... [grunts]
Acting is...
Uh...
I don't know what acting is.I don't know what I'm doing.
I shouldn't be here.
-[boy] Wow.-[girl] Oh!
No, I don't want to quit.I'm acting! That's acting.
Oh!
Class dismissed.
But we still havean hour and 20 minutes left.
Yes. Again, I was acting.
You sounded serious.
Instead of judging my acting,how about you act and I judge you?
-For real?-Yeah. Good point.
We could show you the sceneswe were working on last semester.
Uh, sure.
-This is from "Kablammo, Mother."-Whenever you're ready.
Mama, where's Daddy's old World War IIgrenade with the pin still in it?
[in British accent] Why would you wantan old thing like that?
Tonight, I intend to explode myself.Where are the extra towels?
-Okay, okay. Stop, stop.-What?
-Does this play take place in England?-[normal voice] No.
So why are you talkingwith an English accent?
I'm acting.
Just as an exercise,maybe use your normal voice.
And Tawnie, when you're tellingyour mother you're gonna kill yourself,
the next line is,"Where are the extra towels," right?
And the character's being very casual,
so maybe she should also be casualwhen she says she's gonna kill herself.
Like it's a big deal,but it's not a big deal for her.
-Like that's the irony of the scene.-Whoa! That's really smart.
Yeah. Yeah, it is.
Okay, let's see it again.
So, darling, what fun and gamesshall we play?
Shall we play Scattergories?
[raspy voice] I detest Scattergories!
Whatever the prompt,you always answer in vague allusions
to the baby we never had!
Stop. You're both talking to the audience.
I want you to talk to each other,you're having a conversation.
-Hey! Who's you?-Who's me? Screw you is who's me!
I got the leads.The Gooba Gooberry Falls leads.
Mm! Them's them good leads.
-Hubba hubba, I'm horny for leads!-Okay, here's my question for you.
Does your characterknow he's horny for leads,
or is he discovering it?
Who's next? Great. What's the scene?
The scene is I'm late for my next class.
We were supposed to get out20 minutes ago.
Oh, shit. Sorry. See you Wednesday.
Great work today. Way to go, team.
We did it. That was great, huh?How good was I?
-[sighs]-[door closes]
Whitfield, we've been here six weeks.How do you think this is going?
-I think I'm crushing it.-Wow, okay. Well, I admire the confidence.
I know you're an acting major.
And I guess I just-- I wanted to make surethat you're taking other classes.
Like, Economics,or maybe a plumbing course.
Or rental car cashier class? I don't know.
What would you want to doif the acting thing doesn't work out?
Hold up, do you thinkI'm not a good actor?
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
You said "Not a good actor."But now that you've said it...
Some would say there are no bad actors,only bad teachers.
What about Jason Segel?He was a bad actor in Bad Teacher.
I am a wonderful actor.
You'll see.
-[door closes]-Okay.
She knew I was drunk,
but she still let me drive offwith Jonathan.
Whoa, oh! I'm a drunk!
Jesus, I had no idea, I--
Booze has taken everything from me.
-My job as an airline pilot, my wife.-Huh? What the--?
Those two things.
[sighs] Okay. I see what's happening.
Sorry, everybody.This is one of my acting students.
-He's trying to, um---Who's Whitfield?
-Nobody said "Whitfield."-My name is Whip Whitaker.
-Did you follow me here?-I drank the vodka bottles on the plane.
Drove the plane upside-downsy.Yeah, I'm drunk now.
-Wow.-No, don't--
We've all been there, man.
He hasn't been there.That's the plot of the movie Flight.
Glug, glug, glug.
-That wet the ol' whistle.-So sorry, everyone.
Now I'm completely over the 0.8 percentblood alcohol level.
-I'm in trouble. I am wasted.-This is very disrespectful.
-Hammered...-We work hard to create a safe space here.
-...tanked, blitzed...-So sorry about that. I recognize that.
-...Irish, canned, smashed...-I value this room, just know that.
-...annihilated, laced, faded.-Really sorry about all of this.
-So sorry.-In conclusion, I am a drunk.
The big D.
-Fine. Shut up. You're a drunk.-Aha! Wrong, I was acting!
It appears the studenthas become the student-er.
[sighing]
Wow, an actor.
-Uh... [grunts]-[crowd cheering]
[panting]
[both grunt]
Foul! That fowl fouled, ref!Where's the whistle?
-Ugh!-There are women tossing women everywhere!
What is this, the Running of the Bridesat Filene's Basement?
Who's with me?
[slurps]
Okay.
-Um, they're allowed to do that in rugby.-What? Really?
Also, nobody knowswhat Filene's Basement is.
That's a shame. You definitely paidtoo much for that coat.
-[whistle trills]-Oh, is it over? Did we win?
[exhales] Hey, you're really good.I think.
Don't feel like you have to cometo these things if it's not your thing.
No, I liked it. Look at us. Doing college.
I'm just saying you have your thingsand I have my things. It's okay.
-You wanna get something to eat?-I-I can't.
When we win,we all go to Conspiracy to celebrate.
-Sounds fun. Can I join you?-I don't think you should.
It's a bar,and there will be alcohol there.
-That's okay.-And young girls.
-What's that have to do with anything?-Nothing. Just stating a fact.
-Okay. Well, then, I guess I'll see you.-Wouldn't wanna be you!
But I would. You're cool.
Thank you.
Hmm.
Yes, good. Keep doing what they're doing.
[sighs] Tawnie,you're Hollyhock's best friend...
-We're actually in a fight right now.-Again?
Our fights are like Adele songs.
All kind of the same one,but with different specifics.
-Well, do you understand this rugby thing?-Uh, honestly? No.
She came back from winter breaksuper aggro, but that's Hollyhock, right?
Suddenly, she decides,"This is what I'm all about now,
and everyone elsejust has to get on board."
What are we supposed to do with that?
-Whoa!-I guess... get on board.
[whistle trills]
Get it out, get it-- Yes, nice.
Nice run! Very nice!
Touchdown! That's my sister!
Good try!
Try? She did it. She scored.
It's called a try.
Try to keep up.
-Hey! Hey!-[sighing]
-Yeah!-Yes, Cardinals!
-All right!-All right!
[both grunt]
The two teams applaud each other,and then the referees.
As is customary. See footnote.
We know.
What's up, rugger?
Two tries, two conversions,and a drop goal?
Jonah Lomu over here.
-Great game, Hock.-Oh, Hock.
I like it.Can I get a nickname too, Regina?
How about, "Professor Horseman,adult faculty member"?
-We have to go.-Yeah, go.
Go. See you.See you on the scrumming pitch.
[whistle trills]
W-E-S-leyan!
We will rock and maul and win!
Wait. Where's Hollyhock?
You mean HollyhockManheim-Mannheim-Guerrero...
Hey. What the hell? You quit rugby?
God. You sound like three of my dads.
-The other five were relieved.-You were good.
I need to focus on my studies.I'm not just here to get my ya-yas out.
Yeah, but rugby's our thing.
[sighs]
Okay, then I guess we'll just--We'll find a new thing.
How about my thing is readingGender Trouble by Judith Butler,
and your thing is being a teacher?
Are you okay?
[sighs] I'm just busy with school stuff.
You got your showcase in a couple weeks?
"An Evening of Modern American Scenes"?
Yeah. I'll-- I'll go to that.
-Great. I'll see you then.-Yeah, see you then.
Not if I see you first--!
[phone ringing, beeps]
-Hello?-Hey, listen.
-It's your very good accountant, Gaz.-Hey, Gaz.
I just noticed you spenta lot of money last year.
-Did you go to rehab? Like, a lot?-You just noticed that?
I've got a ton of clients, okay?And this was a big cocaine year for me.
But we're fine. Just make another movie,and you'll be fine.
-You're working on a movie?-No.
Actually, I'm a college professor now.
[sputters] What, do you hate money?
-Gaz...-Ah, no, no, no, it's fine.
Basically, we're fine.As I told my wife before she left me,
I'm not worried,and you shouldn't be either.
We may need to unload some assets, though.
-You still own that restaurant?-Elefante?
I'd love to dump that money pit,but what idiot would buy it?
-Sold! On this arrangement.-Of course you're sold. It was your idea.
Explain it to me one more time?
Okay. You'll spend a lot of time
with international superstarsex symbol, Joey Pogo,
building a close emotional bond.
After you've established that connection,
you'll share one magical eveningof intimate sexual congress,
after which, we'll finally be even.
You'll marry me, and the two of youwill never see each other again.
-Well, I guess it's worth a try.-♪ Who's that dog? ♪
-♪ Mr. Peanutbutter ♪-Excuse me.
-[phone beeps]-Hello? No?
Really? Wow, hold on a sec.
Pickles, should I buy Elefante?
Ooh! Then you'd be my husband and my boss.
Like Ike and Tina Turn-- No.
-Well, I'm sure there are good examples.-There must be.
But buying a restaurant'sa big commitment.
What if I went in on it with you?I like food.
Great idea, Joey Pogo. I'm in!
On you being in. On it. With me.
I've got big ideas for this place.
One word-- lazy Susans.
Hold on.
Before we make any rash decisions,should we maybe consider the long-term...
[stammers] Pickles, this guy on the phoneis waiting, and I don't want to be rude.
Sorry. Of course.Finish your conversation.
-Sold!-[phone beeps]
-Now, you were saying?-...ramifications.
Lazy Susans.
[raspy voice] Oh, Heidi,you'll never bag a man
with all your talk of feminism,
and your grandfather in Switzerland,and all your little goat friends--
Stop. Terry, this character is 28.
Is that what you thinka 28-year-old sounds like?
[normal voice] I mean, yes?
You do the same old-man voicefor every character.
Gotta have a gimmick if I'm gonna make itin the show business.
In "the show business,"
when they have old man characters,they cast real old men.
-I'll show you.-Please don't.
You'll see.
We still have 20 minutes of class left.
I'd driven across that bridge drunkhundreds of times, but never on black ice.
-[door opens]-[Terry in raspy voice] Back in my day,
-we called that "the hidden slipperies."-Oh, no.
But we didn't go to meetingsand talk about our problems.
-No, we made moonshine in bathtubs.-Please leave. Now.
-Who's Terry?-Nobody said Terry.
Mind if I sit a spell?These old bones need a rest.
Sure, take it easy.
Everyone, this is another oneof my students.
I'm very sorry, I have no ideawhy they think this is gonna impress me.
I just relieved myself in my adult diaper.
Terry...
Here I am, in the twilight of my years,having drunk it all away.
-My job as an airline pilot...-Wow.
-My son...-You don't have a son.
Not anymore I don't,because I abandoned him.
I abandoned my boy!
-[Whitfield] Papa?-My boy!
-Oh, my God.-Papa? Is that you?
I've gone blind, me has,from working in the distillery!
Oh, my sweet child!
Ugh.
Todd, why don't you and Ruthiego for a stroll
while I talk to these acting students?
She's just a baby, and I don't wantto expose her to too much desperation.
-You got it, boss.-[Ruthie giggles]
Today, we have a very special guest.
This is my friend, Princess Carolyn,
who was nice enough to come hereto talk about the business of acting.
So, please do not embarrass me.
Oh, no.
How many monthsuntil people get discovered, usually?
One? Two? [gasps] Three?
This is more of a comment than a question,but I've seen every Robert Altman movie.
What's the best diner to be discovered indrinking a milkshake?
[sighs]
What if I want to do nudity?Do I still have to sign a waiver?
Huh!
[yawns]
Whoo!
Hey, who's the kidthat didn't ask a question?
-The brooding kid in the back.-Oh, that's Stan.
That kid's got it.
The look, the sauce,
the power to make me feellike a 13-year-old girl,
and to make a 13-year-old girlfeel like a woman.
I wanna cast him.
-You haven't even seen him act.-Is he good?
[sighs] He's the best actor I got.
I had my doubtswhen he did the scene from Proof,
but when he did the scene from Doubt,I thought, "There's the proof."
-I have to sign him.-No.
Stan needs to finish school.He's a sophomore.
Great! A legal adult but he looks young.
He can play all the roles that otheryoung, impressionable actors can't
because they keep ODing,or going to prison, or going to rehab,
or killing themselves.
-No, he's not ready.-Why don't we let Stan decide?
I want to be your manager.
And I can get you Brooding Birthday Boyon "Birthday Dad" right now.
Stan, LA's not going anywhere.
But you need an education,something to keep you grounded.
Stan, look at me.You have an opportunity now.
What do you need, a piece of paper?You're done with this place.
Stan? Stan. Stan, Stan.
One day, you're gonna look backand realize these days on campus,
they were the last daysyou were truly free.
You want "free"?
Check out the Smirnoff Ice gifting suiteat the Emmy Awards after-party!
My whole career, all I wantedwas to get to a place like this,
and I didn't even know it.
Out there, there's nothing to protect you.
No, but there's a Patagonia jacketthat says "Birthday Dad" on it
that you get from being on "Birthday Dad."
We're safe here, Stan.Please, don't make the mistake I did.
Come on, you'll get your own chairwith your name on it!
-[sighs] Damn it.-Oh, good boy. Yes, he's a good boy.
Okay, first thing,we're gonna get these teeth fixed.
[air horns blaring]
[vocalizing]
Marshmallow?
Thanks! [munching]
That was for the child.
Oh, should've specified.
If she can abstain from eatingthe marshmallow for 15 minutes,
she'll receive an even bigger reward.
An even bigger reward than a marshmallow?
Remember these times, Ruthie.
Mm-hmm.
[phone beeps]
[phone buzzes, beeps]
-Go Todd for Maude!-You're sitting in front of a marshmallow,
and if you don't eat it,you get a bigger reward in 15 minutes.
-What do you do?-Don't be a sucker, Todd.
Eat the marshmallow.
Who knows what the world's gonna be likein 15 minutes?
That's all I needed to hear.
-Thanks, Maude.-[phone beeps]
[Ruthie giggles]
Oh, no! What have I done?We've got to find another marshmallow!
-[phone buzzes, beeps]-Hey, Todd. You've got the Maude Squad.
Just kidding, it's just Maude.I don't have a squad.
Maude? I didn't go to college.
-Where can I get a marshmallow?-The dining hall?
Dining hall?This is Wesleyan, not Hogwarts.
What's in a marshmallow anyway?Maybe I can make one.
I think they're mostly chemicals.
To the chemistry lab!
-[grunts] You! Make me a marshmallow!-[Ruthie giggles]
I'm trying to cure brain cancer.
That's not important right now!
If I don't get a new marshmallow,
some psychiatristis gonna get mad at this baby.
A psychiatrist?
I am so sick of the soft scienceswagging the dog
in conversationsof behavioral development.
Let's teach them a lesson!
-I'm sorry, but the experiment's over.-What? Why?
Because you ate the marshmallow.Good day, sir.
Doctor?
[gasps]
You did it!
Hello, my name is Willie Wesleyan,and you've won the school, my boy!
Wesleyan University is yours.
What? Why?
Somebody needs to keepthat stuffy old board of trustees in check
once I've shed this mortal skin.
-Oh...-Sorry about that.
We're doing LSD researchin the room next door.
-Come on, Mr. Phillips. Time to go.-[laughing]
The frozzleberriestaste like banozzleberries!
Yes, Mr. Phillips,everything tastes like something.
So this is college.
[drum roll]
[knocks on door]
-You wanted to see me?-Amy, yeah. Um, have a seat.
So we're nearingthe end of the semester here,
and I'm putting together the cast sheetfor the student showcase.
-Uh-huh.-This showcase is a big deal.
This might sound crazy coming fromfamous television star, BoJack Horseman,
but in some ways,this showcase means even more to me
than the very popular TV showsthat, again, I was the star of.
-It means a lot to me, too.-Does it?
'Cause you've been missinga lot of classes.
And forgetting your lines.You seem tired all the time, and...
I can be better. I'll prove it.
Okay.
As the water rose, I rememberfumbling through the glove compartment,
just prayingthat I could find a pin hammer
so I could shatter the window.
-Uh, excuse me, is this...-No. Nope, no, no, no. Get out of here.
-This has to stop.-What?
This is a place for people who are seriousabout making a change,
not for desperate acting studentspretending to have problems, Amy.
I was just trying to get help!
-Oof!-[crying]
Oh! Oops! That was...
Oops.
-Hey, do you know what this show's about?-I think it's about to start.
So keep your rugby voiceon the field, okay?
It turns out my hypothesis was correct.Kids love marshmallows.
You don't say.
You still working on that memoir?
Well, funny story about that...
Oh, I love when stories start like that!Ooh! You should put this one in your book.
Where the hell is she?
Horse professor, we're ready when you are.
Lights.
-[applause]-Hello.
Thank you. Oh, wow, thank you.That's very nice, thank you.
Welcome to"An Evening of Modern American Scenes."
The students are very excitedto perform for you tonight.
They've come such a long wayover the course of the semester.
Like, a really-- a really long way.They were very bad before.
But now...
Well, I mean,you'll see for yourself, uh...
But, um, I'm proud of them.
Anyway, first up is a scenefrom Sam German-Shepherd's "Real America."
[crowd whooping]
You think real America'sall about cowboys?
[line ringing]
Well, I say real America's about business!And capitalism!
-[voicemail] Hey, it's Hollyhock.-Ugh!
-Leave a message, if you're a hundred.-God damn it.
I'm starting to think the real Americais me kicking your ass!
[all gasp]
BoJack? Oh, shit, your showcase!
Tawnie's gonna be so pissed!
Forget Tawnie. I'm pissed!And it's happening right now.
I'm sorry. I forgot.
I know your students just have to doa scene, but I have multiple final papers.
If you're implyingacting is a bullshit major, you're right.
But people came all the wayfrom California to see my showcase.
From Chicago.You can't even walk across campus?
Okay, let me put some pants on.
-You've been avoiding me all semester.-I just have a lot going on.
I go to school here.I'm a college student.
-I thought I'd see you more.-This was mine before you got here.
This was my life, my world,and you just, like, live here now.
And you could have asked me, by the way.
Okay, I'm sorry.I guess I thought my sister...
No, don't say that.Like it means something.
-It does mean something.-We don't know each other, really.
-What?-No, I'm just saying it's fine.
I had a life before I met you,and you had a life before you met me.
I don't want that life.
That life, that person?That's not who I am, I...
I'm sorry I came herewithout asking you first.
That was selfish.
Okay. Thank you.
If this is too weird for you,I don't have to come back next semester.
I can get a job somewhere else.
Tawnie says you're a really good teacher.
She did? Huh.I thought you were in a fight.
Yeah, but I still love her.
Are we in a fight?
Yeah, but... [sighs]
Yeah.
I should get back to the show.
If you want to come back in the fall,that could be cool.
-Yeah?-Just...
We need to take things slow, you know?
Yeah. I know.
Thanks.
[Terry in raspy voice] And in that moment,I knew this was my home.
[panting]
And as long as I was here,
I'd be safe.
-But then again, what do I know?-[panting]
I'm just a 15-year-old boyliving in Brighton Beach.
[cheering, applause]
[woman] Yeah!
Horse professor.
-Come on. Get up here.-No, no, no.
-Get up here.-No, no, no. Come on.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
[phone ringing]
[gasps]
[phone beeps]
Uh... Hello?
-You need to stop this.-What?
The reporters who keep tryingto get Penny to tell her story.
What-- What reporters?
Whatever they're doing,I don't want to be included, okay?
I don't want my daughter to be included.
Charlotte, I swear, I don't knowwhat you're talking about.
-Well, you better figure it out.-[phone beeps]
[breathing heavily]
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the horsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'm just tryingTo make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
-♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪-♪ BoJack ♪




Season 6 ep. 10 
















[stadium organ music playing]
-[baseball bat cracks]-[crowd cheering]
Whoo! Come on, Baby Humans!
Oh, oh. You gotta trya Chicago-style baked potato.
Why does everythinghave to be "Chicago-style" here?
We get it. We're in Chicago.
-Come on. Just try it.-[scoffs] Look at this.
Fork and knife individually wrapped.
-So much plastic!-Oh!
-Oops.-Yeah. "Oops."
Or the Chicago Baby Humans are ownedby the brother of the CEO of Plastico.
And we are thereby complicit
in this incestuous money-launderingscheme that's, oh,
by the way, killing the planet.
[scoffs] But what are you gonna do, right?
♪ Pick yourself right upWhen you're feeling down ♪
♪ Friendly smiling faces all around ♪
♪ The sun is shining down on you and me ♪
♪ Happiness is there for all to see ♪
♪ Everybody, come onAnd get your happy shoes on ♪
♪ I said, "Everybody, come onAnd get your happy shoes on" ♪
♪ Whoa, everybody, come onAnd get your happy shoes on ♪
[electricity crackles]
-Good morning, beautiful.-Oh!
Wanna go try and hita Chicago-style museum?
Oh, I'd love to, but I really haveto work on my book. Next time.
Great! I've made my romantic offer.I've officially been a good boyfriend.
I will now retreat to our living roomto play video games all day.
[sighs]
[theme music playing]
[film reel rolling]
Hello. I am Diane,
and I am a young girl living in Bostonand ever since I was that,
I wanted to write good thingsthat were good,
this is not good, fix this later.
[grunting] Diane, as your father,I am very unsupportive.
Come up with examplesof Dad being unsupportive.
Okay, yes.And, also, the girls from high school.
Hey, I'm Krissy Keating.
Can you use my real name?
Check if it's okay to use my real name.
Anyway, I was a real bitch to you,
but now maybe you're realizingI was bullied, too?
-Is any of this interesting?-[BoJack] Hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey.
Put me in your book.Remember I gave you that salad bowl?
And I broke the bowl!
Answer your phone.
And I glued it back together with gold
because I read an articleabout the Japanese art of kintsugi!
-And it fell apart again.-It kept falling apart like our marriage!
[Mr. Peanutbutter] Is that something?Is any of this anything?
[BoJack] Diane. Answer your phone.I'm calling you right now.
-[phone buzzing]-What?
[phone beeps]
-Hello?-[BoJack] Hey, Diane.
If I had my shitty studentsdo a night of scenes here
at the end of the semester,would you come see it?
It's gonna suck, so I wanna pack the housewith friendly faces.
When you sell it like that,how can I resist?
How's that book coming?
-I'm actually at the mall, writing it now.-Why are you writing at the mall?
I couldn't focus at homeand this is the only place
I could sit and work for ten hours.
I can get lunch here, I can people-watch,
all without having to endurewhat the Chicagoans refer to as "spring."
Hey, Chicago, 49 degrees is not spring.
-It's the non-Lachey half of a boy band.-What?
Forty-nine! Half of 98?
Diane, don't workshop your materialin casual conversation.
Howie Mandel used to do it, too.Like, really, Howie?
You just happened to have a rubber glovein your pocket?
All I need to do nowis actually write my book.
I have so many stories to tell,
but I can't seem to figure outwhat the book is.
You gonna put any storiesabout me in there?
-I think I've written about you enough.-But no one else is as good at it!
I'm sure someone will riseto the occasion.
Baxter, darling, I've just a momentto update you on the progress
of our Penny Carson crusade.
So far, we've been able to contact threeof the four Penny Carsons
listed in New Mexico.
Baxter, there's nowhere I'd rather bethan on our honeymoon cruise to "Unjuga,"
but I simply can't stop now.
We're on the lookout for the fourth Penny,and, God willing, she'll be the lucky one.
Oh! Hey.
-Caw-caw! Caw-caw!-[gasps]
Oh... [stammers]Sorry, I didn't mean you. Paige!
[gasps]
Kisses, Baxter dear,it appears we've found our deer.
Okay. Book, here we go.
I grow up in Boston townbecause my father,
who I never was close with,live in Boston.
That's not right English,I'll fix it later.
Me from Boston.
Well, you're not from Boston, but yeah.
-Whatever for now.-Beantown.
To really understandwhat it's like to grow up in Boston,
you actually have to go back 250 yearsto the Boston Tea Party.
Taxation without representationis wicked unjust, bro!
Bro, check it out.I'm teabaggin' the harbor.
Oh, no freakin' way.
-[laughs]-[grunts]
-Go, Pats. Unrelated.-[Diane] Stop.
-I'm getting distracted.-Why can't you stay focused?
What's wrong with your head, Deedee?
The idea behindthe Japanese art of kintsugi
is that cracks in an objectare part of its history.
-What does that have to do with anything?-We have to look at trauma!
Ugh.
[woman] We totally have to look at Trauma.
-What?-There's a spring sale.
Forty percent off.
Ooh!
[grunting, groans]
[Ivy] Did you hear
security still can't figure outwho's stealing wallets? Like... [scoffs]
I bet my life it's that hag Devonfrom the hair crimper cart.
Oh, my God, yes,that theory is beast, Ivy.
-Excuse me, I'm sorry...-We forgive you.
You know the story about Gemberly, right?What they found in her locker?
-Tell me.-It was a--
I meant "Pardon me, I need another size."
But I can't seem to finda number on the tag?
-We don't see size here at Trauma.-Okay, but can you help me?
Sure. I think it would helpif you figured out
why you need to put a number on your body,and let me get back to this mystery.
Thanks.
[grunts]
-[phone buzzing, beeps]-Hello?
[Ivy] Oh, my God,she's like taking a phone call.
Diane! Great news!
"Birthday Dad" premiered last nightto a 0.006,
which is the biggest network hit
since the inventorof blood-scented perfume
went on Shark Tankand got her arm bitten off.
Great!
Meanwhile, my company's runninglike gangbusters.
Is gangbusters a slur of some sort?
-Can we still say gangbusters?-I'll look into it.
And with Todd watching the baby,my work-life balance is on point.
-Did you call me just to brag?-I was thinking...
What would make my work-life balanceeven on pointier?
And it hit me: more work!
So, I thought I'd check inand see how your book's doing.
Oh. I'm still kind of figuring outwhat the "is" of it is, you know?
-It's been six months.-Okay, I think it's about...
-Trauma.-Trauma?
Or... damage.
You know, those bowls that break
and then the cracks get filled with goldand then they're even more beautiful?
Maybe it's like that, you know?
Like, we've all been damaged,
but it's good damagebecause it makes us more who we are.
Is that anything?
Yeah, good damage. I like it.
Send me the pagesand we'll get 'em to the publisher.
Okay, but no hurry?
Okay, but, no. Hurry.
What can I get ya?
Some informationwith a side order of revelation.
Is that a type of pasta?
Oh, also a water. I am parched.
In fact, why don't you freezethat water into a cube shape
and drop it in some bourbon.
We're looking to identifyan associate of Sarah Lynn's.
Sarah Lynn? Is this about BoJack?
Is it about BoJack?
I don't know what you're looking for,but I don't know anything about it.
Okay? I haven't seen BoJack in years.Or Sarah Lynn.
But you have seen them?
I'm gonna go ask the kitchenabout your pasta.
BoJack?
Wait, that's the fellowfrom the police report,
who found the dead girlin the planetarium.
-Yes?-Found the dead girl.
-Are you smelling what I'm smelling?-[snorts]
If he was also with herat the AA meeting...
Well, then why wouldn't he mention itto the police? What's he hiding?
You're starting to make more sensethan a change machine.
Yeah, speaking of cents,what happened to Penny?
-Oh, poop! Our scoop's flown the coop!-Go, go, go! Gotta stay in the loop!
"So in a way, that salad bowl was me,and the cracks... were also me..."
-Ugh! It sucks, I'm sorry.-It's a first draft.
I can't remember what happened whenand I keep getting distracted.
It's because of the meds.This is what I was afraid would happen.
But isn't it worth it?
You've been feelingso much better, right?
I do feel lighter, and clearer,but also so foggy.
You feel clear and foggy?How is that even possible?
-I don't know! Because of the fog.-Hey. Stick with it.
-With the writing? Or the fog?-Both.
Okay. So, start at the beginning.
I'm a baby.
[Todd] Hey, baby!
Isn't it great to grow up in a comfortableupper-middle class home,
surrounded by love?
But I didn't grow up surrounded by love.That's the problem.
You were fine!Name one example of me being a bad dad.
Uh, okay! What about how you made me loseon purpose at Boggle
so my brothers would think they were,quote, "wicked smarter than a girl."
-That's all you got?-I got other things!
There was lots of shit. Constantly!I just can't express--
Is this what your book is?Just you complaining?
As your target audience,I'm not hooked yet.
You are not my target audience.
[Ivy] This book is like bore mewith a spoon, Diane.
You know the story about Gemberly, right?
-What they found in her locker?-Tell me.
It was a note from the thief,saying where all the wallets were hidden.
What? What is this? I'm trying to writeabout my childhood trauma.
-Who are you?-I'm Ivy.
My mom and I just moved to Chicagofrom Southern California.
[Diane] What? No. I can't...
My dad died and we needed a new start.
I don't really get Chicago yet,and the winters are cold AF,
so I hang out at the mall a lot.
Malls are fun!
Or "beast," which is slangthat young people like me say.
-You're Ivy Tran, right?-Ivy T. That's me!
I-I need help.
Someone's been filching onesies
by the twosiesfrom the fourth floor Baby Hole,
and if I don't figure out whodunnit,
my manager's gonna mount my headon the wall!
Yes, managers can be very annoying.
I'll take the case.
-Oh, and, also, I'm Vietnamese-American.-[moose] Beast.
"Ivy Tran, Food Court Detective"?
Well, I like this. It's fun.
My book is supposedto be a profound treatise on damage.
But I can't even access my damage.I'm too...
-hopped up on goof-berries!-What the hell is a goof-berry?
I need to go to a dark place,and I can't get there.
When I'm with you, when we're out,I feel good, I feel happy,
but the minute I sit down to write--
 You were having trouble writingthis book when you were depressed,
and you're having troublenow that you're not depressed.
Is it possible that you just--
-What? That I'm just a shitty writer?-No.
That you just don't wanna write this book.
I do, though. It's just hard.
But that means it's worthwhile.Good things are hard.
I'm not writingThe Mall-related Mysteries of Ivy Tran!
-[chuckles] Why not?-Guy, come on.
-No. You come on.-You come on.
Diane, I'm gonna tell youwhat I always tell my good friend Eileen.
-Don't do it.-Eileen, come on.
[scoffs, chuckles]
More drugs, please!
-[phone buzzes, beeps]-Hello?
I soft-pitched your bookto Brad Pitt's company, Plan B,
and Craig Bierko's company, Plan C.
They're very excitedabout the movie adaptation.
What movie adaptation?
Gee, I don't know,a new Robin Hood adaptation.
No, Diane, the adaptation of your book!
What book?
Come to think of it, a new Robin Hoodsounds pretty good. Judah!
-Maybe from Maid Marian's point of view?-Directed by Sofia Coppola?
I'll try Rebecca Ferguson's agent.
[Diane] You're still on the phone with me!
Oh, right. The town has really respondedto your pitch about damage.
It wasn't a pitch!
Imagine, all the little Dianes out there,
just waiting to see their storyon the big screen
during a brief Oscar-qualifying runin New York and LA.
You don't think it's too sad, do you?
It wouldn't be betterif I wrote something more fun?
Diane, sad is the new fun.Besides, the sad is what makes it you!
-Really?-Yes! Everyone's very excited.
But they wanna see pages.
So, do what you do and get me that sad!
Just got back word from Sofia.
She's booked for the next year
developing a new Peter Panfrom Wendy's point of view,
and Rebecca's doing a limited seriesabout the female ticket-taker
at the cinemawhere Batman's parents got shot.
Ooh, that's really empowering.Diane, I gotta go.
Uh... Ngu-yen?
N-Ngu-yen?
No one?
[Charlotte humming]
-Hey, Mom.-Hey, Pen!
-What's wrong?-Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.
A girl can't visit her mom?Why are you grilling me?
Slow down. Breathe.
Something happened at work.
-Something?-[both gasp]
Or someone...s?
Did you follow me home?
If you didn't wanna be followed,
you should have been more judiciouswith the turn signal.
A lady doesn't need to always announcewhere she's headed.
Yes. Who taught you how to drive?
-Uh, can I help you?-Paige Sinclair, intrepid gal reporter.
And I'm Max!
Okay.
We're circling a storyon the last days of Sarah Lynn
and we're trying to nail down a timeline.
We think your BoJack Horsemanmay have played a part. [snorts]
I think you should go.
Well, it was worth a try.
Actually, I did see Sarah Lynn.Right before she died.
Oh! It was very worth a try.
She came to Oberlin. With BoJack.
-Whoa! BoJack came to Oberlin?-And what happened?
-Nothing. I mean---Why didn't you tell me?
I saw them and told BoJack to leave.That's it.
-Were they intoxicated?-Is BoJack ever not intoxicated?
-Would you go on the record?-No, she won't.
Excuse us,we are just about to sit down to dinner.
Do you think BoJack got Sarah Lynn drunk?
Do you think BoJack got Sarah Lynn drunk?
-Penny---I'm not a kid, okay?
-We should tell them about Maddy.-No--
Who's Maddy?
My best friend in high school.
BoJack was living hereand he bought her booze
before the promand then she got alcohol poisoning.
I'm sorry, he was living here?
-Oh, what's this, a party?-[gasps]
Did you guys forget to invite Kyle?
-Dad... [sighs]-Ah, just kidding. Now it's a party.
Kyle, these folksare from the refrigerator repair company.
And I just told themthat our refrigerator is working fine
and they were just leaving.
Quite. If you think of anything else,please do give us a call.
Ah. You know, the wine fridgehas actually been acting kind of funky.
Two refrigerators? Ha!Give my regards to the Rockafellers.
[Charlotte sighs]
-[whistling]-[grunting]
Can you keep it down, please?
I couldn't sleepand you're like shout-whistling at me.
Hey, I'm just whistling. Chicago-style.
Don't. Just please be quiet.I need to write.
Okay. Okay. Write on.
[exhales sharply]
-Hey, how was the writing?-What do you mean?
You were gonna write today.
[Diane] Oh, is the day over?
-I was just thinking my thoughts...-Are you all right?
-[crying]-Oh! Oh, my God!
-Diane, what's wrong?-I...
-[retching, coughing]-Oh, oh, oh!
-It's okay. I got it in the plant.-Oh! Not in the toilet?
I'm not gonna put my face in your toilet.
-Don't be gross.-Our toilet, baby. We've been over this.
I had to think fast. Went for the plant.
Okay, but the sink? Or the shower?There's so many drains in there.
I'm sorry. I gotta work.
Hey. [sighs] Maybe you can just go backto bed and you can work in the morning.
No. Now. Gotta get it done.
[keyboard clacking]
I'm 17 years old. I live in Boston.
Krissy Keating's a real bitch to me.
-Was I? Or did you deserve it?-I deserved it.
Your problem is you always blameother people, Deedee.
-I know.-Who's a good baby? Not you!
Where are my pages, Diane?
I need pages for my beautiful celebrities,such as Stockard Channing, Tatum O'Neal,
Patrick Harrison Ford Focus.
I'm trying to focus.I'm trying to get to the truth.
-I think you're afraid of the truth.-No.
Your damage isn't interestingand you're unworthy of love.
-No, I'm not!-Of course you are!
Are you, uh, you know,
one of those stupid pop culture analogiesI'm always doing?
Because you're charming at first,but eventually enough already!
You think you're a beautiful salad bowl?
[scoffs] Conceited much?
More like garden-variety, am I right?
[Diane's Dad] You blame everyone elsefor all your problems,
but you're the one constant here.
-Go Pats.-You're right.
[breathing heavily]
Diane, what is going on?
There's a heaviness... on my chest.
And it's not just my boobs, even though,yes, my boobs are heavier now.
-Hey. Talk to me.-I stopped taking my meds.
-Why?-Because I'm terrible!
I'm a stupid person! I deserve this!
No. You're not a stupid person,but you can't just--
I want to die!
-It's so much worse than before.-Baby, you're going through withdrawal.
Do I just have to be on drugs forever now?How am I gonna finish my book?
-Okay, forget about the book for a second.-I can't!
-It's the only thing that matters.-Now, that's not true.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry I'm so stupid.I'm sorry.
It's okay. It's okay.Just take your pills. All right?
Then when you even out we can talkabout trying something else, okay?
Okay.
I just-just wanna bea beautiful salad bowl.
You are a beautiful salad bowl.
-How're you doing?-A little better today.
-And, uh, I wanted to say sorry.-For what?
I don't know. "Being Diane"?
-Stop.-I let the stress get to me.
I should just call Princess Carolynand tell her I need more time.
Yes. But before you do that...don't be mad.
Don't be mad about what?
If I tell you, will you be mad?
From the tone of this conversation,I'm guessing probably.
Okay, what you have to rememberis that you were in a really dark place.
And the pressure from Princess Carolynwasn't helping.
I thought if I could get her off your backfor a few days...
What did you do?
[phone buzzing]
Guy, what did you do?
I sent her the Ivy Tran:Food Court Detective pages.
-What?-I'm sorry! I'm sorry. Okay?
-I made an executive decision!-You're not an executive!
I-I made a boyfriend decision! All right?
I made a "my girlfriendis a depressed, vomiting mess
and someone needs to make a decision"decision.
Ugh!
-Hello? No.-[Princess Carolyn] Loved it!
I love the protagonist, I love the world,
I love that it wasn't your sad memoirabout your boring life.
What happened to "sad is the new fun"?
I didn't know you could write this fun!You gotta finish this thing.
I'm on pins and needles,and I'm not just saying that
-because I live with a porcupine.-Listen--
To the ka-ching, ka-chingof the middle-grade IP market? Done!
I slipped the pages to a few studios.
This has franchise potential.Franch potench.
But what I'm saying is that it doesn't,because that's not the book I'm writing.
-I'm hearing a maybe.-I'm not--
[groans]
Are we gonna havea Boston-style fight now?
[grunts]
[Ivy] Here's a mystery.
Why are you so sad-core?
-I don't know.-Just be fun and popular like me.
-I don't know how.-Sure, you do!
I'm clever and free-spiritedand a little bit sardonic
but not so much that it's off-putting.
I have vulnerabilities like everybody elsebut just enough to make me relatable.
-That's the way to be.-It's not that easy.
Yeah, I know.
But wouldn't it be nice if it was?
-[Ruthie cooing]-Where's Princess Carolyn?
She said we should save her a seat.You still working on that memoir?
Well, funny story about that--
Oh, I love when stories start like that!Ooh! You should put this one in your book.
-Hello. Thank you.-[cheering]
Oh, wow. Thank you.That's very nice. Thank you.
Welcome to "An Eveningof Modern American Scenes."
Oh, excuse me.
-[sighs]-We have to talk.
Shh. Diane!
-Don't be rude to the actors.-[scoffs]
For most of them,this'll be the height of their career.
[BoJack] Anyway, first up is a scenefrom Sam German-Shepard's "Real America."
[audience cheering]
[Kyle laughing]Char, hey, you gotta get in here!
This episode of "Birthday Dad"is an all-timer!
-Penny...-I wanted to get something.
[grunting]
[sighs] I don't feel good aboutwhat happened with those reporters.
-It's okay.-We didn't tell them... everything.
I tried to throw it out, but I couldn't.
I know that's messed up,but I think I look nice here.
Oh! You look beautiful.
I don't think that's the only reasonI kept the photo, Mom.
It's all really confusing.
[Kyle] Charlotte! Birthday Dadjust got trapped in a leap year!
-How's he gonna wriggle outta this one?-In a minute, honey!
Stuff happened to us, okay?And he's still out there.
-Penny---If we can get the word out,
-if-if people knew---It won't be just him in the story.
It'll be you and me. The mistakes we made.
Mistakes I made,that I will never forgive myself for.
But if we can help other people,
then it will have been for something,you know?
It won't just be this thingto feel bad about forever.
You don't know what's gonna happenwith the story once it's out there.
You have no power over it.
And you just got your panic attacksunder control.
Yeah, I know, but--
I love that you want to do what's right,but please just think about it, okay?
Just give it a couple days
and then if you still want to talkto them, you can call them.
[sighs]
Okay. Thank you.
You wanna stay and watch "Birthday Dad"?
-Stay the night?-No, I-I should go.
Okay. Yeah. I love you.
I love you, too.
[sighs]
[Kyle] Oh! Is that the InternationalDate Line?
Don't go over the date line, Birthday Dad!
Because then it won't be your birthdayanymore! [laughs]
[cheering]
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Come on, Todd, let's go.
But I wanna seeif there's an after-credits scene.
-[Princess Carolyn] Talk soon, Diane.-Hey, wait a minute.
-[door opens, closes]-Princess Carolyn. [grunts]
Princess Carolyn, wait.
I understand you're trying to be helpful,
-in your own pushy, self-absorbed way.-Oh, thank you.
But I don't wanna writea middle-grade fiction detective series.
I think you do, though.
Because when I was reading it,I could tell you were having fun.
Yeah, but I'm not writing a bookto have fun.
If I don't write my book of essays now,I never will!
So? Don't write your book of essays.
-I have to!-Why?
Because if I don't,that means that all the damage I got
isn't good damage, it's just damage.
I have gotten nothing out of it,
and all those yearsI was miserable was for nothing.
I could have been happy this whole timeand written books about girl detectives
and been cheerful and popularand had good parents,
is that what you're saying?What was it all for?
I...
[sighs]
I don't know, Diane.
All I know is that this bookabout the girl detective is fun.
I liked it.
I like thinking that my daughter
could grow up in a worldwith books like that.
Or if my daughter's not a reader,a lucrative film adaptation.
When I was a little girl,I thought that everything,
all the abuse and neglect,it somehow made me special,
and I decided that one dayI would write something
that would make little girls like mefeel less alone.
And if I can't write that book...
Then...
Then maybe write this other book.
-Maybe this book does that, too.-Yeah?
-[Ruthie giggles]-[toy squeaks]
-Uh... Princess Carolyn?-What reporters?
BoJack?
Charlotte, I swear,I don't know what you're talking about.
[line disconnects]
[hyperventilating]
-Hey, man, great show.-What? Huh?
-Uh... [groans]-Oh, no!
BoJack! Oh!
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the horsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'm just tryingTo make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪-♪ BoJack! ♪




Season 6 ep. 11 
















[Todd] Watch out!
-Lift with your legs.-I am lifting with my legs.
-Also lift with your arms.-[Joshua] Is Horse Professor okay?
Nothing to see here!
He just passed out from pride!Because you kids are so talented!
[students cheering]
You think he passed outfrom embarrassment?
-Because the kids are not talented.-What happened?
He was getting off a phone call.
I had some constructive criticismabout his play.
I tried a compliment sandwichby starting with some praise,
but he passed out!
Just goes to show,
you never know how much time you havewith someone,
so you should always saythe bad stuff first.
-[gasping]-BoJack! Your play sucked!
They found out. I didn't--
-It's not true.-What's not true?
I need to-- Air.
[students singing]♪ For he's our trusty director ♪
No. They can't know.I didn't even do anything.
-It's---Slow down.
Why don't you tell us what happened?
Okay, I'll tell you.But you can't talk to anyone.
No reporters.
BoJack, it's okay.No one's gonna talk to any--
Reporters? With questions aboutmy good friend, BoJack Horseman?
I'd be delighted to talk!
[theme music playing]
[music playing over stereo]
Oh, Baxter,my endlessly encouraging enfianced.
I'm thrilled to report our returnfrom a prolonged New Mexican exodus.
True, Max and I shared lodgingto husband our expenditures,
and true, too, we showered togetherone night when the tank broke down
and the hot water was scarce,but other than those mild inconveniences,
the fact-finding mission went as fine
as the print at the bottomof a contract,
and we're close as everto sewing things up.
So, BoJack sold the restaurantto Joey Pogo and me,
and we relaunched it withmy fiancée Pickles as a themed eatery.
What is the theme?
Pickles wanted small plates,Joey wanted lazy Susans,
and I wanted the theme to be my faceis on the front of the menu.
So, we did all three! [laughs]
-What's the big idea?-I'm in the middle of eating!
Huh? It's the perfect compromise
because everybody got what they wanted,and nobody had to compromise!
-And why is it called Ele-fee-no?-Ele-fi-no.
Well, if you don't know, hell if I know!
I know this last storyis taking its sweet time,
but once we can tie downthis Bo-Person Horse-fellow to Sarah Lynn
on the night of her death,we'll know he procured the final blow,
the blow being not blow but horse,a scoop in itself,
but I believe the larger story is--Oh, but here I am bending your ear.
Your everlasting patience inspires me.Do return my call. This is Paige Sinclair.
-And then I took the boat back to LA.-That's it? How's that a story?
You did nothing illegal, and eventhe not illegal thing, you didn't even do.
And yet this thing continuesto haunt me, I--
-Because it's not about the legality.-[Todd] Diane's right.
That story is super sketchy.
-Is BoJack super sketchy? Yes, he is!-[Ruthie laughs]
-[pounds on door]-Can Horse Professor come out?
 We won't go to the cast partyunless our fearless teacher comes with us!
Why don't you just have the party hereand he'll pop out when he's ready.
Here's some cash.Go buy some nice cast party things.
[students cheering]
[Joshua] This is gonna bethe best night ever!
Okay, okay, you're right.I've been sketchy.
But there's no story here. Right?
-Unless New Mexico isn't the story.-Uh, what?
I'm just saying, if I tried to pitchthat story, no one would publish it.
They're working on something bigger.What did you do this time?
I haven't done anything.
Since I got out of rehabI have been on my best behavior.
But before rehab...
No. They can't get me on old shit.I'm a different person now.
-This could be anything.-Or a combination of things.
They're gonna combo me?
Let's take a beatand figure out what this story is.
-Todd, earmuffs.-On it.
BoJack, tell us every bad thingyou ever did.
[sighs] This is gonna be a long night.
So, what can I tell you about BoJack?Nothing bad, though. [laughs]
It's gonna be a short night!
-Right. I-- Your chair, Miss Sinclair.-Thanks, Mr. Banks.
And thank you, Mr. Peanutbutter,for taking the time to quench our queries.
This shouldn't take more thana half hour, max.
-Yes?-No, not you Max.
-Then who Max?-No, Max. I'm talking to Mr. Peanutbutter.
No, you're talking to Max.I'm Mr. Peanutbutter.
Now I'm talking to Mr. Peanutbutter.
-Glad we're all on the same page.-I beg your pardon.
Mr. Peanutbutter,we have sitch in the kitch.
It's a dishwash ish.
-The dishwashers all quit?-It's the small plates.
If we just had bigger plates,
we could get more stuff on themand we wouldn't need so many.
The point of the small plates
is to curate a personalizeddining experience,
but because of your lazy Susans,all the plates keep getting spun around
and nobody remembers who ordered what!
Oof! And then there's me,putting my picture on the menu!
-What? No one cares about that.-Yeah, the pic's not the problem.
All right. JoPo... go, why don't you starton those dishes?
You got it, good buddy.
Oh... [sighs]
Pickles, you keep manning the tables.Those Susans aren't gonna laze themselves.
Sure. But...
Could I talk to you?
How much longer do we haveto keep working with that guy?
I thought you loved Joey Pogo!
I love his music!
He's my second favorite recording artist
after Lo-Fi Chill-Hop Beatsto study/relax to.
I love Lo-Fi Chill-Hop Beatsto study/relax to!
And I love you!
But Joey Pogo's like your total opposite!
He's arrogant, annoyingly cheerful,and fake-nice.
You are confident,refreshingly optimistic,
and wryly sweetwith an ironic self-aware edge
that reads to some as inauthentic,but I recognize as archly sincere!
Total opposites!
Okay. So, Pogo's not gonna work,but I guess we keep trying?
I can proposition some young men on set.That should end well.
No, I'm sorry. I want this to work.I'll try to make it work. For us.
Now, if we're to finish this story,we need to stay focused.
The last days of Sarah Lynn.
I'm telling you, the story is biggerthan just the one girl!
If we pivot our perspectiveso we prove a larger pattern,
we can paint a clearer portraitof a problematic person
for a page-one profilethat'll pave our path to a Pulitzer!
Paige, please! At the rate we're going,
we'll never file the story,you'll remain unmarried,
and I'll be stuck bickering with youuntil the day I die!
Oh, poor baby.
Sorry, where were we?
-We wanted to ask you about Sarah Lynn.-Oh.
Before we do, let's widen our frame a tad.
Oh, brother.
-Would you say BoJack is a good person?-Unequivocally, more or less.
-More-more or more-less?-Uh...
Yes, but back to Sarah Lynn--
We're trying to understand if your friendhas ever exhibited certain patterns...
Argyle? Herringbone?That man can pull off anything!
We're wasting time. Did Sarah Lynn ac--
-[dishes crash]-Whoa!
I told you not to spin it that fast!Lazy! Lazy!
I'm lazy? Aren't you supposed to bewashing dishes?
[both panting]
-[scoffs]-Hey! Where are you going?
Okay, let the cat out of the bagso my curiosity can kill it.
What is going on with those two?
That's a personal matter.I'll tell you all about it!
[students] Cast party! Cast party!
We are having a cast party! [cheers]
-[student 1] Yeah!-They didn't even buy alcohol!
Just a disco ball and some capes?
These are all the bad thingsyou think you did?
-I swear, this is all I can think of!-None of these are big stories!
-We all know there are more things.-Jesus Christ.
What's the point of working on myselfand getting sober and getting better
if no matter what, there are peopleout there just waiting to tear me down?
-BoJack, no.-No, it's not fair.
If you start listing every single thingeveryone's done,
-then everyone's a monster.-Nobody's--
Who are these reporters, anyway?
They're so perfect? I'll betthere's dirt on them we could dig up!
-I don't think that's it---That'll teach those bloodthirsty leeches
what happens when they try to tearsomeone down over their past
without even considering the possibilitythat he's changed!
-Have you changed?-Yes, obviously.
Because this feels like old BoJack.
I like the BoJack who's thoughtfuland directs plays
that are emotionally resonant despitethe glaring logical gaps in the plot.
It was a showcase of separate scenes!There was no plot!
I need to go put Ruthie to bed.Call me when new BoJack's back.
[door opens, closes]
You didn't do any of the dishes?
Manual labor featuring meis just not a fruitful collab.
So I just went outand bought 500 new ones.
Why did Mister think I'd like you?
When I'm with him,we finish each other's sentences.
Meanwhile, you are always--
Interrupting, just to saythe exact thing that you were going to?
-Yes! It's so---Annoying?
Thank you. That's the word.
Hey, I don't wanna be here either.You know Joey Pogo wants to bounce.
What if we just tell Misterwe've formed an emotional bond,
then we can have sex,
and we'll never haveto see each other again!
-Why don't we just tell him we had sex?-I can't lie to my fiancé about sex!
That's what got us into this messin the first place!
[scoffs]
So, as soon as they go to bedwith each other,
we can put this whole thing to bed,but the problem is...
-She loves him.-No, the opposite.
No, the opposite of the opposite.The very thing itself: she loves him.
Why do you say that?
You've got irises, haven't you?And pupils and corneas?
You might even say you've gota pair of eyes. Optic nerve?
Yes.
So how could you not see the way thatshe follows him across the restaurant
like the puppy dog she is?How they bicker and flirt?
Why would she fallfor a dashing cad like Joey Pogo
when she's already engaged to sweet,dependable, predictable, safe, boring,
perfectly adequate Mr. Peanutbutter?
Thank you.
She only tolerates that other fellowbecause she has to, for work.
Otherwise she finds himutterly distasteful.
Piggish even! No offense to me.None taken, of course. [snorts]
No, she loves him,
though she'd never admit it,even to herself.
[gasps] And what about the boy?
Sure, he puts up a frontand picks a good fight,
but to just once hearthose stupid words "I love you"
tumble out of her foolish mouth
would drop his heart downan elevator shaft
and bounce it back up to his throat.
-Yes?-Yes.
-I'm pretty sure they hate each other.-Uh...
I... Well, that's all very...[breathing rapidly]
-Back to BoJack!-And Sarah Lynn.
Would you sayBoJack's relationship with her
ever bordered on inappropriate
in the weeks leading up to her death?
No! They were closer than thieves!They were thieves, actually.
They broke into my house together,
like great friends do,and stole our clothes.
Ask Diane, she never got that jacket back!
But she was able to find another oneshortly thereafter
that looked exactly the same.
-Pardon me.-Hello. Joseph?
Can I get an announcement drumroll,please?
[beatboxing]
Never mind.
Joey and I have developed feelingsfor each other.
Oh!
[sputtering]
Wow, I didn't think so soon, but--No, that's wonderful.
It's exactly what we wanted.
It is! So now we make love,
after which we can all get onwith our lives.
Great! This is good.
Look, we're not gonnafigure this out tonight.
Maybe I should just goto the cast party and try to enjoy--
-[Diane and Carolyn gasp]-[phone buzzing]
-[phone beeps]-Hello?
Yes. Um, speaking.
Oh, hello, Paige Sinclair,of the "Hollywoo Reporter."
[BoJack and Carolyn gasp]
Yes, I know BoJack Horseman.
Uh... What night? Did I see BoJack with...
Uh...
Listen, I'd love to talk more,but, uh, I cut my finger earlier
in a bagel guillotine and I thinkI require medical attention, goodbye.
-Bagellotine.-[phone beeps]
It's Sarah Lynn.
Their story is about you and Sarah Lynn.
[exhales sharply]
[Pickles sighs]
Well, uh, that was...
-Wow.-Yeah.
Well, see ya later.
[shuddering]
Oh.
Hey, I'm sorry I was kind of a dickto you earlier.
The truth is, since Mr. Peanutbutter
has been such a good friendand chill hang,
I was nervousI would feel weird smashing his fiancée,
but once we were in it,it was like we were two naked hearts
raw and exposed but safe in the homewe found in each other.
Yeah. Did you just come up with that?
No, it's from my new song,
"Two Naked Hearts (Raw Dog Remix)."
-Oh. Sounds like another banger.-Best of luck with your wedding.
One day I hope to have what you two have.
Right now, I couldn't even imaginegetting married.
I can't even committo a social media director.
Why not?
I'm just having a hard time findingsomeone who gets my brand, you know?
Sexy?
That's exactly right, you totally get me.
So, if you think of anybody who could begood for the job, let me know, all right?
-I will.-All right.
I'm headed to the airport now
for another in a series of extravagantworld tours all by myself.
At least I'll havethe empty seat next to me
that I always book for extra comfort.
I'll be at gate six.
I'm just saying this information out loudso I don't forget it.
Gate six. Plane boards at 10:38.
-Wait, Joey!-Yeah?
Um, here's your jacket back. [chuckles]
Thanks, Pickles.
Goodbye, Joey Pogo.
So Sarah Lynn. That's okay.
-We can spin this.-Yeah?
What are we spinning?
You went on a bender with her,at some point you split up and she died.
That's the story, right?
If you want us to help you,you need to tell us what's coming.
You know what I thought?
The first thing I thoughtwhen I heard Sarah Lynn died?
Poor BoJack,that he had to find her like that.
That's right.Poor BoJack, that's the angle!
But then I kept thinking.
I wish I didn't,but my stupid brain kept thinking.
She died of a heroin overdose, yeah?
And you had heroin, "BoJack" brand,you kept it in your glove compartment.
-Diane...-I didn't wanna think about it,
but I couldn't help but wonder.Did you give it to her?
I... Uh...
-Yes.-And then what?
-You just abandoned her?-No, I--
You just left her alone,an addict, with heroin?
I didn't leave her, I was with her!
I was with her the whole time!I was with her when she died!
-Like "with her" with her?-In the planetarium.
I left and came backand pretended I'd found her that way.
I... I've never told anyone that.
That's really bad, BoJack.
Do the reporters know that?
I don't know how they could.I covered my tracks.
How did you "cover your tracks"?
-[knocking on door]-[gasps]
Oh. Hey. Uh, what's up?
[Helena] We're doingend-of-year superlatives,
and we thought it would be coolif you came out and read some.
Oh, um...
Just, uh, give me a minute.
[muffled chatter]
-This was supposed to be a celebration.-We can still figure this out.
I'm tired of trying to figure things out.
-Let me just have this one night.-[sighs]
-[Helena] It's Horse Professor!-[students laughing, cheering]
Okay, okay, settle down, settle down.
Okay. You wanted meto read these, right? Okay.
-Um, well, for Best Old Man... Terry.-[students cheering]
-[Terry] Thank you. Thank you so much.-Okay. Sit down, Terry. Just sit down.
Sit down. If you start talking,then we'll all be old! [chuckles]
For Best Director...Oh, Horse Professor. [chuckles]
-That's me.-[cheering]
-[Joshua] Speech!-No, I-- Okay, okay, okay!
Okay. Thank you.
I just want to say that I've lovedbeing here with you this year.
You've shown me the type of personI didn't know I wanted to be.
And this semester,I got to be that person.
Thank you.
And I just... I want you allto appreciate this time,
and how special it is,and how fast it'll all go away.
Please, cherish this.
And I have my own superlativeto announce.
I, um... [clears throat]
Oh. Uh, hmm...
For the Best Actor or Actress...
Oh, my God, it's an eight-way tie!
-[students cheering]-[laughs]
Okay, everyone. Enjoy your party.
[chuckles]
Hi, I just gotta tell youhow much I'm loving
the small plates and lazy Susans.
I put my fork down and I never knowwhat I'm gonna pull back up!
-You've really made dinner fun again.-Uh-huh.
And did you notice my pictureon the front of the menu?
Uh, sure. I mean that partI could take or leave,
but the small plates and lazy Susanswork together perfectly
to form a completely new kindof upscale dining experience.
Exactly like dim sum,
but with white people food,so it's more accessible.
-Oh, well, thank you.-Huh! Tragic, isn't it?
What is?
I just keep thinkingabout Pickles and Pogo.
They've finally acknowledgedthat they love each other,
-but she's promised to another.-Yes. To me.
Oh, right!So, you know better than anyone.
Someone's up to something,I can tell you that much.
Mr. Peanutbutter, does your ex-wiferegularly consume bagels?
Hey, why don't you two mindyour own business? How about that?
As payrolled journalists,our business is minding your business.
I'm not going to help youwith your take-down piece on BoJack.
-Oh, no?-He's a good guy.
And you have no ideahow torn up he was with Sarah Lynn.
In fact, he was with herin the planetarium when she overdosed.
-He actually gave her the heroin!-Oh?
Yeah. He told me that oncewhen he was drunk,
and then he said,"I've never told anybody that."
Because he's modest.So why don't you just leave him alone?
[huffs]
Oh, Max, it's all coming together!
I could just about kiss someoneif I had someone here to kiss!
-Listen, I've been meaning to discuss---The story?
It's cooking now. Smell that sizzle?
We've gotta build on it.More angles, more leads, more...
-Whoa!-[grunts]
-Oh...-My...
I-- You know, I think our storyis about as wrapped up as a mummy.
What?
I'd better hightail it to the officeand put ink on paper.
But what about establishinga larger pattern of behavior?
We still haven't heard backfrom the New Mexico girl
or our contactat the rehabilitation clinic.
Don't you think we oughtto keep working together?
No, I think I ought to get married.You were right all along, Banks, my boy.
The story is Sarah Lynn. It always was.
-Taxi!-[horn honks]
Wait! Paige! I, uh...
-I love you!-Oh, Max. Of course you do.
Everybody does. I'm Paige Sinclair!
[tires screeching]
So, what happens?When the story comes out, what do I do?
A statement about how sorry you areabout certain parts of the story
but other parts of the storyjust aren't true.
No, you--
Then in everyone's headyou've apologized for the really bad stuff
without legally implicating yourself.
-Does that work?-All the time.
No, it doesn't.Why are you telling him to lie?
Because this is good.This BoJack here is good.
This is working, but it's so precarious.
Well, I'm not gonna losemy job here, right?
The Sarah Lynn stuff,that has nothing to do with this.
-Right.-No.
You're about to get pushed out of a plane,and the two of you are talking
like you're trying to brainstorm waysto get back on the plane.
That's not gonna happen.
You can try to find a parachuteor you can dive headfirst into the earth,
but the plane is gone.
You're seeing things in absolutes.We can wriggle out of this.
-Who's "we"?-Diane, I'm asking you for help.
This job is my lifeline.
I think you should do the hard thingand be honest.
About everything. Things will get worsebefore they get better,
but you won't spend the rest of your lifewaiting for the other shoe to drop.
Yeah.
-BoJack, just think---[phone ringing]
Wesleyan University Theater Department.
[Paige] Paige Sinclair,"Hollywoo Reporter."
Is this a Mr. BoJack Horseman?
-Y-yes.-Fabulous.
We're running a story Thursday next
about your relationship with Sarah Lynn leading up to her death.
I wanted to give you a chanceto respond to these allegations.
I presume you will deny them,as is customary,
but this is me doing my due diligenceand reaching out for comment, understood?
Uh, yeah.
Now, did you supply Sarah Lynnwith the drugs found on her person?
-No.-[Diane scoffs]
All right. And did you use heroinwith Sarah Lynn during those last weeks?
-No.-Uh-huh.
Were you with her when she died?
Um... No.
And did you lie to the policeabout any of these things?
No.
-Thank you for your time.-[line disconnects]
What happened to being honest?
I didn't think it would happen so fast.Did she say next Thursday?
That gives us a week to plan.We can minimize damage.
"We" are not doing anything.
-Diane, please.-I can't be a part of this.
I have a book to write.
[grunts] Oh, my God!
They're all making out out here!Go to your dorms!
You have rooms!
Well, we did it.And by "it," I mean doing it.
Oh-ho! Fantastic.
So, now we're even,and everything can go back to normal.
I can't wait. First step:let's set a date for the wedding.
Joey has a job opening on his tour
that I think could bea real opportunity for me.
Oh.
Only thing is, I'd have to go tonight,and I might be gone for a while.
-Oh.-Oh, Mister, I'm so confused!
I feel like my brain is on a lazy Susan,just spinning in all directions.
And I know I should be readyto commit to a main course,
but right now I'm just so excited
about all the different small platesout there, you know?
It sounds like maybe this is a bad timeto have my face printed
on the cover of your metaphorical menu.
What? Oh, yeah.I forgot about that part of it.
Go on Joey's tour. Have a good time.
And we'll plan the wedding...when I get back?
Sure, Pickles... when you get back.
-Sounds like a good compromise.-Yeah?
Yeah. The best.
Everyone gets what they wantand no one had to compromise.
Oh, my God, I gotta go!
-Okay, I love you!-Hey.
Thank you, for everything. [kisses]
[sighs]
-Hey! Sad Dog!-[camera shutter clicks]
-I think the party's over.-[BoJack] Yeah.
What do you got?
"My relationship with Sarah Lynnwas complicated,
as relationships between addictsoften are.
However, certain aspects of the storyare inaccurate or exaggerated.
This story has startedan important conversation
and I look forward to continuing to workon my own progress..."
There's-- There's no wayto not sound like bullshit.
[sighs]
Yeah, well...
This place was supposed to bea fresh start for me.
Rehab was supposed to be a fresh start.
But no matter how many starts I get,there's always the same ending.
Everything falls apart and I end up alone.
-I'm still here, BoJack.-Why?
I don't know. I'm a fool, I guess.
And you were my first client,
and one time you were drunkand you smiled at me and I said, "What?"
And you said, "I just like being in a roomwith you. You make rooms good."
You still do.
I have loved you for 25 years,and I never loved anyone better.
That kind of love, you only get itwhen you're young and stupid.
I'm not gonna get it again.
And when I tell my daughter the storyof the great love of my life,
I want it to have a happy ending.
Is it possible you letting me gois the happy ending?
I've gone with you this far.In for a penny, in for a pound, right?
Sunk cost and all that?
Yeah, sunk cost.
[sighs]
The story's coming out Thursday.
I don't think that we can get around this,or over this, or try to get under it.
-Diane is right. We need to go through it.-BoJack--
I need to take responsibility.
I want to.
So you can tell your daughteryou helped me do the right thing.
-I'll call you tomorrow with a plan.-I'm looking forward to it.
-You sure?-I mean, no.
[laughs]
[sighs]
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'm just tryingTo make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪-♪ BoJack! ♪




Season 6 ep. 12
















[newscast jingle playing]
Shocking revelations todayabout BoJack Horseman's involvement
in the overdose of Sarah Lynn,
in an explosive new"Hollywoo Reporter" exposé.
Is BoJack #canceled?
#Find-out-tonightwhen the horse himself sits down...
On "Braxby Means Businesswith Biscuits Braxby,"
BoJack Horseman opens upin an exclusive interview.
For the first time ever,
we'll hear the real storyof the last days of Sarah Lynn.
[Paige] I don't believe it.
I left shoe leatherin six different states
and spun the scoop of my career
all to get sidetracked by a sit-downwith a second-rate celebrity suck-up.
Relax. Your story's clearlydoing something
if they're scramblingto do damage control so fast.
That's just it, Patience,my sister and lifelong confidante.
These schmoozey charlatans will pour syrup
all over this stack of Shinolaand try to tell you it's pancakes.
And I'm powerless to prevent it!
Don't you have enough dirtfor a whole other story?
You know full wellonce I become Baxter's bride,
I'm trading board rooms for bedrooms,watches for swatches
and deadlines for bedtimes.
Okay, so then get married and forgetabout this BoJack story.
I mean, who cares, right?
Patience, you cut to the corelike a classic Sinclair.
I shall miss making mincemeatof the misdeeds of mischievous miscreants,
but I must focus on my new mission,as I transition from miss to missus.
Why do you talk like that?We're from Fresno.
[theme music playing]
Huh, they're really hyping upthis BoJack interview.
I gotta admit I'm kinda curious.You're gonna watch, right?
No. I can't waste my energygetting worked up about that guy, Guy.
I've done enough of that.Like, years of that.
-Yeah, but it's not like you can just---I need to work on my book.
These mall-related mysteriesaren't gonna solve themselves.
Spoken like a very emotionallyhealthy woman,
productive professional writerand super-cute girlfriend.
We already know what BoJack's gonna say.
He'll admit to everything in the story,but nothing else.
He'll trot out this sad-sack routine, everyone will feel bad for him.
He'll talk about his addictions.
"Showbiz is awful.My parents were abusive."
He'll say he's changed.That he's not that guy anymore.
-Yeah. You sound real done with it.-I am! I'm just saying.
They'll make you feel bad for him,without it being too sad...
...because too sad is a bring-down.We wanna shoot for pensive.
And this will keep youfrom talking with your hands,
which can be construed as aggressive.
And whatever you do, don't get defensive!Don't deny anything, and don't argue.
-[sighs]-Give me a smile.
Uh...
Whoa! Am I my third favoriteBruce Springsteen song
because I was not "Born in the USA"nor am I "Tougher Than the Rest,"
but I am "Blinded By the Light"!Nice smile, buddy.
Do you need to be here right now?
Since your interview is leadinginto the season finale of "Birthday Dad,"
I wanted to officially welcome youto the MBN Thursday Night family.
Thank you.
And to ask if it wouldn't betoo much trouble for you
to shout out "Birthday Dad"during your interview?
-Why would I---But only if the interview is going well.
If the interview is going poorly,please do not bring up "Birthday Dad."
-[baby cooing]-Hey, Princess Carolyn, I-- Oh. BoJack.
-Getting ready for the interview?-Yeah.
Oh! You've got your work cut out for you,because people hate you right now.
-I'm aware, thank you.-That story... Wow.
Really well-written, huh?
Yeah, the power of the prosewas not the first thing I noticed.
Haunting.
Anyway, Princess Carolyn,
is it cool if I take tomorrow night offfor a date with Maude?
Todd, I keep hearing aboutthis new girlfriend of yours.
When do I meet her?
You can probably take this partof the conversation elsewhere.
Right this way.
We should go on a double datewith you and Pickles!
Pickles and I are putting our relayshon a brief hiate at the mo,
but as soon as she returnsfrom her work trip...
-[phone buzzes]-Uh, oh!
Excuse me, I'm receiving a text messageand it appears we have broken up forever.
-You're gonna be great.-[exhales] Yeah. Where are we doing this?
I got them to take the "Philbert" setout of storage.
Why?
Because we want the intimacyand vulnerability of your home.
You're saying, "This is me. No more lies."
But since we're pre-taping itin the afternoon,
we're using the set to make it looklike it's nighttime.
Makes sense.
[jingle playing]
I'm here with BoJack Horsemanin his actual house.
BoJack, a story came out this morningabout the last days of Sarah Lynn.
How did it make you feel?
Honestly? I felt relievedthat now I can stop lying.
-[light crashes]-[grunts]
-Are the allegations in the story true?-[clears throat] They are.
Sarah Lynn was nine months sober.I invited her on a bender.
We spiraled together for a little overa month and then she overdosed.
On heroin you purchased for her?
-Well, I didn't purchase it for her---There's no need to get defensive.
I'm just trying to be accurate.
I-I didn't purchase it at all.I just had it.
[Biscuits] You just had heroin?Lying around.
No, no, no, no, not lying around.
[scoffs] You're making it soundlike I had extra heroin,
because I do so much heroin.
I had that heroinbecause I wasn't doing heroin.
So, I had it. You understand?
In your original statement to the police,you said she called you,
you came to the planetarium and found her.That was a lie.
Yes.
Would you say Sarah Lynn dyingwas your rock bottom?
I don't believe in rock bottoms.
I've had a lot of what I thoughtwere rock bottoms only to discover
-another rockier bottom underneath.-That sounds dangerous.
Eventually, I decided to stop waitingfor something to change me.
I had to make the change myself.And that's why I went to rehab.
And I'm very proud to be one year sobernext month.
So, if I'm understanding you correctly,
Sarah Lynn dyingwas part of that decision?
Uh, it was part of it, yes.Uh, I've made a lot of mistakes.
Can you share some of thoseother mistakes?
I... I don't thinkthat it would be fair to the people
who were affected by those mistakes,all of whom I've apologized to in private.
Now that you're sober,
do you think you'll stopmaking these mistakes?
I do. It's been a lot of work,
but I look back at that other BoJackand I think, "Who is that?"
And who was he?
I came from a broken home,
and I used to feel like my whole lifewas an acting job.
Just doing an impression of the peopleI saw on television,
which was just the projection of a bunchof equally screwed-up writers and actors.
I felt like a Xerox of a Xeroxof a person, you know what I mean?
-But not anymore?-No. Now I feel like me.
It must have been difficult
to see those same patternsrepeat themselves with Sarah Lynn.
I think that's why her deathwas so scary for me,
why I didn't wanna confront it,because she reminded me of myself.
Some have accused Sarah Lynn's motherof exploiting her death.
When you hear "All Twerk and No Play"in a Geico commercial,
or see Sarah Lynn's face on a billboardwith the slogan "I'd die for a Pepsi,"
-how does that make you feel?-Sad. Angry.
Honestly, it feels likethat's what killed her.
Not the heroin?
No, you're right.It was mostly the heroin.
If you could talk to her mother now,what would you say to her?
I would say... I wish you could know...
how sorry I am.
[gasps]
-Am I crazy or did I nail that?-It was good.
Oh, man, when she brought upSarah Lynn's mother?
She was setting me upto throw her under the bus,
but then I said I'm sorry?
I mean, that was a sweet move, yeah?I felt like I could see The Matrix!
You've definitely gottenyour 10,000 hours in
when it comes to apologizing.
It was good, right?People are gonna like it?
Yeah, well, we'll find out in three hourswhen it airs.
And that's why the band Chicago
is not one of the top ten Chicago bandsof all time.
Uh-huh.
Hmm, it's okayif you wanna watch. All right?
He's your friend, it's a big deal for him.
-You don't have to be so weird about it.-I'm not being weird. I'm in a good place.
I don't wanna get dragged backinto that other stuff.
That's great! But, you know,it is a little weird
that one of your best friendsis a huge celebrity
-and you never wanna talk about him.-Roxy's really more my "best" best friend.
But you never talk about Roxy either!
I don't understand what her job isand it's too late for me to ask.
And you were also marriedto a huge celebrity.
And you never talk about him either.
You don't share your past life with me.You wanna talk about weird?
I've lived here six monthsand I still haven't met your son.
[stammers] Okay. But you don't reallywanna meet Sonny.
Of course I do!
All right, cool.Let's get dinner tomorrow.
"Tomorrow" tomorrow?
[birds chirping]
[sighs, mumbles]
[inhales, exhales]
[phone buzzes]
[inhales, exhales]
Huh.
[camera shutter clicks]
[rings]
I saw your interview, BoJack.
As a recovering addict myself,I was spellbound!
Wow. I had no idea.
And I see no reasonwhy you shouldn't return to Wesleyan.
Uh, small latte?
-My manager told me not to charge you.-What?
He said he watchedyour interview last night,
then turned off the TV
and went straightto his first AA meeting.
Huh.
No "Birthday Dad."
-So, I nailed it.-You kidding?
-Pinky Penguin, line one.-Pinky!
Princess Carolyn!
You delivered MBNthe best ratings we've seen in years!
You just bought us six more monthsof not having to sell ourselves
to a larger media companythat strips us for office furniture.
[grunts]
BoJack and Iwere just talking about all the buzz.
I wanna strike while the iron is hotand do a part two tonight.
-Part two?-There is no part two.
It's right there in the title,"The Last Days of Sarah Lynn."
Just sit down with Biscuits again
and tell a few more colorful anecdotesfrom your years partying in Hollywoo.
Then, an encore presentationof the "Birthday Dad" finale.
Makes sense.
We got what we wanted out of this.I don't think we should push it.
We're starting a dialogue.I'm helping people.
Move over, Sad Dog.Make room for Remorse Horse!
That's great BoJack, but--
Listen, I'm ready to move onand go back to Connecticut,
but it does feel good to be partof the conversation again.
And if my openness and candorabout addiction is helping people,
then I'm kind of a dickif I don't do another interview, right?
[sighs]
[Pinky] I mean, I wasn't gonna say it.
[jingle playing]
Thank you so much for inviting usinto your home
-for another night of questions.-Are you kidding?
You couldn't keep me away!Because this is my house.
[light crashes]
I wanna startwith another Sarah Lynn question.
Oh, here we go.
Speaking of addicts,I think you're addicted to Sarah Lynn!
[chuckles] You told the policeyou weren't with her when she died.
That she called you from the planetarium.
Yes, I lied.
Weren't you afraid the police would checkthe phone records?
Oh! Well, I wasn't thinking clearly.Guess I'm not a criminal mastermind!
But the police did checkthe phone records,
and your story checked out.
There was a two-minute phone callmade from her phone to your phone,
17 minutes before you called 911.
-Oh?-If you were with her,
-how do you explain the phone call?-I, um...
I called myself.
After I realized what had had happened,I took her phone and I called myself
so I could make it look likeshe called me.
-Why?-I went into panic mode.
And then what did you do?
I thought we were gonna talkabout other stuff.
What did you do after you calledyour own phone, BoJack?
I went outside to the parking lot.
And you just waited there for 17 minutes?
Why are you asking about this?
Biscuits Braxby.Paige Sinclair. You've been had.
A pleasure to meet you. Had by who?
The pleasure is mine,
the pronoun is whom,and the whom is the horse.
BoJack? I got him to spill his gutsabout the worst moment of his life
on national television for huge ratings.
Your disgusting displayof soft-pedaling sycophancy
made me wanna quitthe journalism business altogether,
two days prior to when I get married
and quit the journalismbusiness altogether.
But the Biscuits Braxby brandis keeping things light.
Celebs come on my showbecause I make 'em look good.
That access keeps me relevant.
But to what benefit is your relevance
if it's squanderedin the service of public relations?
With the advent of social media,
celebs don't need youto make them look good.
And if you don't alter your strategy soon,you'll have no career left to save.
Face it, chinchilla, you're all wet.
Well, I...
Ugh! Even if I wanted to do a hard-hittinginterview, what would I say?
I've a few ideas...
-You keep looking over to your manager.-Well, I--
-Can we talk about your relationship?-Princess Carolyn?
-You dated her for seven years?-Yes, and look! She's alive.
Did it ever get complicated,
working with her while maintaininga sexual relationship?
Well, she's always been good
at keeping her personaland professional lives separate.
-Quite an accomplished woman.-You said it.
She was an agent's assistantwhen I met her
and now she's running her own company.Plus, she's a great mom.
[chuckles] Oh, fish! Mom!
-I forgot about Todd's date!-I can watch Ruthie for a few hours.
[whispers] Thank you.
What can you tell meabout Marcy Jerominek?
-Who?-In the '90s, you had a fan club--
-How do you know all this?-Do you know where I'm going here?
[sighs] Marcy. Yes.She was the president of my fan club.
You slept with her.
We had a lovely evening together.We both got something out of it, and--
Did you take a high school girlto her prom?
-That was a family friend.-Did you help a teen mom
sneak out of rehaband take her to a high school party?
I didn't take her. We went together.
Is it true you once dated a woman
who'd just woken upfrom a 30-year coma?
-Were you attracted to her naiveté, too?-What does all this have to with--
You had sex with the presidentof your fan club.
You had sex with your agent's assistant.You party with underage girls.
-You don't see a pattern here?-It's not a pattern.
-Do you enjoy having power over women?-I don't even know what that means.
You don't know what it meansto have power over women?
I don't have power over anyone.I barely have power over myself.
But you do have power over people.And again and again, you abuse that power.
All these women that you mentioned,I never forced myself--
Not through force,but you understand the power differential.
So, I can't be with any womanI might have power over?
-Who does that leave me with?-I'm just pointing out a series of--
You think everythingis this nefarious scheme.
Most of the bad shitthat happens in this world
isn't because of wicked plotsand machinations.
It's just because we're alla bunch of stupid, hungry,
horny little goons just grabbing at shit,
hoping it'll press that little buttonin our brain that says,
"Okay, you're happy now."That's not an "abuse of power."
Do you really believe you didn't havethe power in all of those relationships?
I... I am an addict.
One of the first things that I hadto accept was my own powerlessness.
-But that's---I understand what I did was wrong.
I'm not denying that.But you're trying to paint this picture.
You're making it out like I'm a bad guy,and I'm not.
I'm not that guy you're saying I am.
-So, back to Sarah Lynn...-No. Why?
You gave her the heroin...
I already told you, yes.How many times can I say it?
Breaking news! The thing I told youyesterday is still true.
-Did you ever give Sarah Lynn alcohol?-What?
The first time Sarah Lynn ever got drunk,she was a child, and it was vodka, right?
How... how do you know about that?
You were bringing vodkato the set of "Horsin' Around."
Who told you all this stuff?Did Sharona tell you that?
Doctor Champ,thank you for returning my call.
I didn't wanna say anything,
but just watching BoJackin that interview,
talking like he's a victim in all this.
If the world only knew the thingsI know...
I understand as a therapist,
you're not at liberty to divulgewhat your client told you in confidence.
But I'm not a therapist.I'm a therapy horse.
And I can tell you everything.
Oh.
Because Sharona was a drunk, too,so you can't trust a thing she says.
Obviously, she has a vendetta against me.Besides, I already apologized to her.
Apologized for what?
Okay, when you put it all together,it looks bad.
Do you see any connection betweenthose other women and Sarah Lynn?
There's no connection between anyone,that's what I keep saying!
Sarah Lynn wasn't like those other girls.
I loved Sarah Lynn.She was like a daughter to me.
I just keep seeing this story of youtaking young women...
-No.-Grooming them...
I didn't groom anyone, okay?
It's not like I got Sarah Lynn drunk
for the purposeof taking advantage of her.
She was ten! I didn't even have sexwith her until she was 30!
-I'm sorry, what?-No. I just mean that--
-Did you say you had sex with her?-That was later. She was an adult.
And we were both so drunk and high,I didn't--
We didn't know what we were doing.
We were addicts,and the thing about addicts--
-This was during your bender?-Yeah. No! A different bender.
I took her to rehab, by the way!I tried to get her help.
I just keep thinkingabout those 17 minutes.
You waiting in the parking lotafter she died.
But she wasn't actually dead yet.She died in the hospital.
-Right, but at the time, I didn't...-Ever wonder what would've happened
if you didn't take those 17 minutes?Do you think she might still--
No! I... Look, obviouslywhen I did all that stuff, I wasn't--
So to recap, you gave Sarah Lynn alcoholwhen she was a child.
She then became an addict.
Come on, there was a lot of stuffin between--
I'm talking now. You're not talking.
When she was intoxicated,you had sex with her,
and when she was sober,you gave her the heroin that killed her.
Then in an effort to cover for yourself,
you waited to call the paramedicsthat might have saved her life.
And you don't thinkyou have any power over women.
So, it didn't go great.
The gross part is she doesn't even care.
This is just a ratings win she can useas leverage for her next big paycheck.
-Maybe.-She was all over the place.
I think people are gonna seethat she was just out to get me.
-People are gonna see that, right?-I guess we'll find out tonight.
Okay, maybe she had some good points,
but she completelyundermined herself with, like...
I mean, we dated for like seven years.
Do you think that I took advantage of you?
-[sighs] I'm here, aren't I?-And she kept bringing it back to women--
These "women I hurt"because that's what's hip now, right?
Hurting women?But I have also hurt a lot of men!
I told you to do just the one interviewand go back to Connecticut.
-But it's gonna be okay, right?-[sighs]
You wanna grab some tacos?What do you think?
-I think you have three hours...-[car alarm chirps]
...before this interview airsand your world changes completely.
You should think abouthow you wanna spend that time.
I'm going home to my daughter.
[engine starts]
-Sonny! It's great to finally meet you.-Hey.
-Sonny! Come on!-Good evening, ma'am.
Whoa! [chuckles]
What's this? You made varsity?
Yeah. Coach moved me upfor the rest of the season.
-Wow! Congratulations!-That's amazing! Why didn't you tell me?
I wanted to wait for the jacket.
I'm so proud of you, buddy.
We should get Chicago-style cheese friesto celebrate.
-Oh! I'll get---I'm getting cheese fries.
-[chuckles] So... lacrosse.-What's your deal?
-What?-My dad has a thing for broken women.
Then he nurses them back to health,and when they're better they leave.
You gonna leave him?
-Does your dad think I'm gonna leave him?-It doesn't matter, because eventually
my mom and dadare gonna get back together.
They're still in love.
-What? No, they hate each other.-No, they don't.
-They fight all the time.-Wha-- Really?
-[cries]-Oh! Whoa!
-My dad hates my mom?-Uh... No! Of course not!
Then why would you say that?You're so mean!
[sobs]
I was gone for two minutes!
Huh.
Ah.
Is this anything?
"My girlfriend was upsetI gave her a CD for Christmas.
But she gave me VD for Hanukkah!"
That's nothing.And possibly anti-Semitic. Hold still.
Ugh! I am so readyto never do stand-up again.
Are you gonna put meon your TV show or what?
I'm telling you, the network loves you.
They just need you to do a screen test.It's basically a formality.
-Screen test?-What, you're too good for it?
No, it's cool! A screen test! Ha!
You wanna hit Alma's after the show?Best tacos in LA.
-I keep telling you it's Neptune's Net.-Ugh!
Malibu is for pretentious,rich douchebags.
That's Beverly Hills.
Malibu is for pretentiousfamous douchebags.
-Hold still so I can finish.-Finish what?
Look, you might never get a staron the Walk of Fame or a wax statue.
But this way you'll always be immortalizedand undisturbed in Hollywood forever.
Unless they repaint.
[Coltrane] Anybody from out of town?It's a trick question, it's LA.
-Everybody's from out of town.-[audience laughing]
Most of Los Angelesisn't even in Los Angeles.
-I mean, Azusa? Excusa?-[grunts]
[audience laughing, applauding]
Oh, my God.
-Hey, man. I hated your show.-What?
-"Horsin' Around." Hated it.-Yeah, that's a hell of an opener.
But my baby brother loved it.
I'd be in my bedroom, sulking
and I'd hear him laughing his ass offin the living room.
He had this great laugh.
Drugs took a lot from him,but he still had that laugh.
Right up to the end.
Now anytime I hear anything aboutthat show, I hear my brother's laugh.
-Thanks for that.-Well, shit. You're welcome.
Hey, do you wanna go up?
Oh, man. I...I haven't done stand-up in years.
You're famous. They'll geta kick out of it even if you suck.
[stammers] I don't think so.Thanks, though.
[mumbles, sighs]
Oh.
[audience laughing]
Mm-mm. No.
-Hmm. Oh, what about this show?-Oh, what's it about?
It's really smart.
It's about New Orleans and jazzand Hurricane Katrina
and drugs and John Goodman.
-Sounds exciting.-It's not!
[Bess] Maude? I heard a man's voice!
-Yeah, Mom, Todd's over!-Is that a burglar?
He's my boyfriend! We're gonna watch TV!
No shows about burglars, though!
-You got it, Mom!-And keep the door open.
-No funny business!-[sighs] Okay, Mom.
Wanna watch the second partof the BoJack interview?
I don't know.
That guy was my best friendfor like five years.
But not because we have anythingin common.
I just landed at his house one night.
You ever get tired of livingat the mercy of whoever happens
to let you crash on their couch?
-What do you mean?-Why don't you get your own place?
Princess Carolyn doesn't needa live-in nanny anymore.
I think I'd get lonely.
How about this:what if you had your own place,
but you shared it with someone?
-Like a roommate?-Or a girlfriend.
[chuckles] But Maude,you're my girlfriend.
What am I supposed to do?
Get a second girlfriendjust to live with?
-No, I---And by the way, you're one to talk.
-You still live with your mom.-Yeah, I--
-Why don't you get your own place?-Right, that's actually what--
Wait. I just got an incredible idea!
Yeah? Because I just hadan incredible idea, too.
Okay, let's both say our ideasat the same time.
One, two, three.
-Salty gum.-Ice cream sandwich flavored ice cream.
Also, we should move in together.
Oh.
[audience laughing]
You know what they don't tell youabout getting sober?
The hardest part, worse than the DTsor the looking back at everything you did
or the constant fear of relapse,
the hardest part is figuring outwhat the hell to drink
when you order a mealat a nice restaurant.
You expect me to orderthe bucatini carbonara at Gusto
and then drink, what, an Arnold Palmer?
I'm not even a red wine guy, but come on!"Here's your steak, sir.
Would you like an ice-cold Dr. Pepperto go with that?" I mean...
[applause]
-[baby cooing]-[door closes]
[sighs]
Are you all right?
Eh... Hmm.
-[pops]-[laughs]
[keyboard clacking]
[tapping]
[exhales]
[TV playing]
I guess what I'm getting at isI keep hearing you say,
"That's not me. I've changed."
But how can we believeyou've stopped this pattern of behavior
if you won't acknowledgethis pattern exists?
I don't even know what patternyou're talking about.
-[scoffs]-[Biscuits] I'll try one more time.
Over these last two nights,you've drawn us an outline of a person.
A person who doesn't think about others,a person who puts his own needs first.
And over and over, other people get hurt,
not necessarily because he meansto hurt them,
but because he just doesn't care.
This person I'm describing,is it a different person, or is it you?
Oh.
[BoJack] Yeah. It's me.
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'm just tryingTo make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
-♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪-♪ BoJack ♪




Season 6 ep. 13
















[line ringing]
[voicemail] Hey, it's Hollyhock.
Leave a message, if you're a hundred.[beeps]
Hey, Hollyhock.
Um, you still haven't returnedmy last call, which is fine.
I just... I know you're going backto school soon,
and you should know I won't be there.
Because of... everythingyou've probably heard about.
So, if you were worriedyou'd have to see me, you won't.
But I would love to talk.
-It's BoJack.-[beeps]
[man] Welcome to Burritos and Mo!Home of burritos and much, much mo!
-Give me a large number three.-Oh, my God. Ellie! Look at the monitor.
It's fricking BoJack Horseman.Don't worry, I muted it.
-[Ellie] He looks like crap.-Yeah. His tie is all loosened up,
which is like the universal signfor having a shitty day.
[Ellie] Probably because he just camefrom court. It's all over the news.
He just settled with Sarah Lynn's familyfor five million dollars.
[man] Makes sense. He seemed likea real psycho in that interview
-he did a few months back.-Yeah. Guys.
[Ellie] I'm surprised he'd stillwanna show his face in public.
-Hey!-[man] His face is everywhere.
-The cover of every magazine.-Okay.
Even got the number-one slotfor Hundred Most Hatted Men.
-No, it---[Ellie] Most Hatted Men? What is that?
[man] List of men in hats, I guess.He was wearing a fedora.
It was Most Hated Men!
-[Ellie gasps]-[man] What?
It was the Hundred Most Hated Men,it was a newsboy cap,
and I can hear everythingyou've been saying!
[Ellie] Uh...
-[man] Get his bags, Ellie!-You said you muted it!
[BoJack grunting]
-[man] Have a burrito-ful day!-[man 2] Hey! [grunts] You suck, asshole!
-[sighs]-[theme music playing]
[bleating]
I don't think it's wiseto be burning Bridges at this juncture.
I'm sorry, just don't like Beau.
-Greetings, strangers!-Maude?
That's what they want you to think!
I'm Maude's twin sister Fergus,we have never met before,
and I'd be delighted to accept a jobat this company.
-[scoffs] What?-As you know, I have 12 children.
What sort of day care servicesdo you provide here?
Has this ever happened to you?
Todd? At the office?
Can we wrap whatever this is up?
I'm supposed to head overto the "Birthday Dad" set.
I wanna run a day care at VIM!
I've mastered the art of lookingat one baby and I'm ready for more.
You do have several employeeswith children.
If you employ Todd through the company,
you could offer him a raiseand still save money on taxes.
Great. It's done.
Hooray! Corporate tax loophole!
Plus, we can carpool to the office.
Which leads me to my next point.I am moving out to live with Maude.
It's me! It's Maude.I don't really have a twin sister.
Hey, that's fantastic!Where are you moving to?
Um...
-You can stay here! Live with me forever!-[director] Cut!
The line is,"Thank you for the birthday pizza.
Today, I am your dad."
-Oh, sorry!-Let's take five?
-Hey, champ. Everything okay?-I'm just distracted.
Ever since Pickles left, I've beenso lonely in that big, empty house.
I've always had a wife or a girlfriend,someone to take care of.
Princess Carolyn,you're perpetually alone.
-How do you manage?-One day at a time, buddy.
I went to the doctor to seeif he could make me feel better,
he said, "You should check outthis Internet meme,
it always cheers me up: Sad Dog."
And I said, "But Doctor, I am Sad Dog."
Guys, I'm really sorrythis keeps happening.
When I got home, I found my wifeand daughter had moved out.
All they left behind was this picture.
-Okay. Rude.-Shh!
It's the stock photothat came in the frame.
My wife kept asking me to put in a pictureof our family, but I was always too drunk.
But because of all of youand my sponsor Leo,
I'm no longer just the manwho's not in this picture.
I'm a different, better manwho is also not in this picture.
Who's next?
[sighs]
-Um, okay, I'll speak.-Ugh.
Things have been pretty brutalfor me lately.
-Most people hate me...-Mm-hmm.
...I just lost five million dollars,so that's not great.
Could probably use a Leoof my own right about now.
Wow, tough room.
This AA meeting is a tough room.
[sighs]
Hey, I'll be your sponsor.
Oh! Um...
I know what you're thinking,"Vance Waggoner?
That guy's gonna be my sponsor?
The guy Charlie Sheenonce called 'a little much'?"
-Uh...-"Vance Waggoner?
That guy's got more domestic assaultconvictions than Sean Penn!"
And now you're thinking,
"Did Sean Penn get convictedof domestic assault
or was it just alleged?I gotta look that up later."
-I'm sure---Now you're thinking,
"Why would someone this cooland put-together wanna sponsor me,
-dumb slob BoJack Horseman?"-That's not--
Wait. I've been where you've been, BoJack.And everyone abandoned me.
If you need someone to talk to,give me a call, okay?
My number is 555-555-8008.
Because sometimeslife turns you upside-down,
and when you're upside-down,my number is boobs.
[phone buzzing]
-[beeps]-Hello?
Diane! How are the revisions going?
Good! Usually at this stageI hate everything I've ever written
and I feel like a worthless hack,but this book actually isn't terrible.
Great, so when can we expectthe not-terrible sequel,
"Ivy Tran Two: A Tran for All Seasons"?
I don't know, Ivy Tran was funbut I'm a grown-up writer.
There are other things I wanna write.Did you know Eleanor Roosevelt--
-Interesting.-I didn't even tell you the thing.
I know.I was interested in you not telling me.
Okay, good bit.
In the meantime,
if you're interested in writing booksthat people actually read,
you'll get to work on "Ivy Tran Two:Last Tran to Clarksville."
-Eleanor Roosevelt once---Interesting!
[disconnect tone]
[audience laughing]
[woman] And those congressionalturd-weasels
actually called this legislationthe "Anti-Corruption Bill!"
That's like if BoJack Horsemanwore a T-shirt that said,
"I am not a ginormous dick-weasel!"
Hey, that is an unfair drive-by!
Now, I know this Photoshop is not upto our program's usual standards,
but in our graphic department's defense,
none of them could spend ten minuteslooking at this ass-weasel
without their uterusesliterally throwing up.
-[phone ringing, buzzing]-Ugh!
-[beeps]-Yes?
BoJack, it's your very goodaccountant Gaz.
-I'm here with...-Your very good lawyer Chaz!
Okay.
The good news is the Sarah Lynn settlementisn't gonna kill us.
What's the bad news?
The bad news is you're being suedfor a hundred million dollars.
-What?-Remember in your interview,
when you disparagingly referredto yourself as "a Xerox of a Xerox"?
The Xerox Corporation did not appreciate
being implicatedin your untoward behavior.
Just so I'm clear, Sarah Lynn's deathcost me five million dollars,
but saying something bad about a brandis gonna cost me a hundred million?
When you frame it that way,it almost seems comical!
But it is not comical,
because a hundred million dollarsis a lot of money you do not have.
Okay, so what's the move?
-Funny you should mention "move."-[doorbell rings]
Your accountant told me you wanted to sell your house?
-Okay, I'm gonna call you back.-So, I sold your house!
Wow-ee! It looks better than the pictures!
-You sold my house?-Golly, are you...?
Sylvester Stallion.From the Rocky movies.
Oh! Hey, you kids wanna go check outthe pool?
-[boy] Yeah!-[girl] I love my new life!
You sold my house?
I found this sweet, sweet family from Ohiowhose kid just got cast in a movie!
I wanted to make sure the ink driedon the mortgage
before they find out the movie'sbeing shot in Saskatchewan. [chuckles]
So, where do I go?
What do I look like, a real estate agent?
-Wait.-Yeah?
Your mail came.
-Now leave. You're harshing the buzz.-But...
Huh?
-Well, I'm all moved in.-[sighs] Me too.
Wow! Got a promotionand my own apartment all in the same day.
-I never realized my boyfriend was butter.-You're right. I am on a roll!
What should I do next?
[ringing]
Chavez residence, this is Jorge.Please state the purpose of your call
so I can most appropriatelymodulate my tone.
Hey, it's Todd. Is Mom there?
Ah! Todd! Yes.
Oh. She's resting at the moment.Can I take a message?
I just wanted her to know thatI don't have anything to prove to her,
but I got a new job and an apartment,
so if I did have somethingto prove to her,
-I'd have proven it by now.-Well, that's wonderful, Todd.
Yes. And quite mature.And she won't even talk to me.
-Does she know I'm butter?-I'm glad to hear you're on a roll.
We'd love to see your homeonce you're settled.
What's that supposed to mean?I'm settled! I'm a grown-ass Todd!
-No, I just meant---I don't need to impress you!
Why don't you cometo my fancy, sophisticated
housewarming party tomorrow nightand see for yourself!
Consider us there. What can we bring?
-Two chairs!-[beeps]
We could throw together a party, right?
Um...
-No.-I need a job.
There are no offers.
-Can you check? Ask around?-I'm checking. I'm asking around.
-[gasps] There are no offers.-But I'm broke and homeless.
[scoffs] I can get you a small roleon "Birthday Dad."
Great. Have my pages deliveredto me at the Chateau Marmoset.
-You just said you're broke!-And homeless.
You are not staying at a fancy hotel.
Who else would have me?
You could stay here! Live with me forever!
[sighs]
-[sizzling]-[Mr. Peanutbutter humming]
And flip! Morning, sunshine!
I hope I didn't wake youwith the delicious smell
of a well-balanced breakfast.
-Less talky. More coffee.-You got it, roomie!
-Coffee maker, make!-[beeps]
Took the liberty of doing your laundryand this letter was in your pocket.
-[gasps, screams]-Ooh-hoo! A mysterious pen pal!
Is it a secret admireror the snowman killer still at large?
It's from Hollyhock. But... [sighs]
I can't open it. What if she saysshe never wants to hear from me again?
Or maybe it says "I got rid of my TVthree months ago. What's new, BoJack?"
I should just call her.
If I could talk to her,I feel like I could explain that--
[voicemail] Hey, it's Hollyhock.Leave a message, if you're a hundred.
-[voicemail beeps]-Hey, Hollyhock. It's me again.
And his good friend and roommateand coworker, Mr. Peanutbutter!
It's our first day of work together!
I got your letterand I haven't read it yet,
but I'm going to and...
It's really great to hear your voice...your voicemail voice.
-Just give me a call. It's BoJack.-[beeps]
-Ready to go?-What about this breakfast?
We don't have time for that!You can feed me while I drive, let's go!
-♪ Precision... ♪-[Todd] Oh, whoa!
-Easy. Okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Stop!-[kids giggling]
Hey, Judah. I need your advice.
I'm trying to throwa sophisticated adult party
to impress my parents
and I have no furnitureor sophisticated adult friends.
I'm alarmed. Do you not consider mea sophisticated adult or a friend?
Judah, this is no time for oneof your famous Judah tantrums!
 Sounds like you need to throw togethera scheme in a short amount of time.
In situations like this, I often think,
-"What would Todd do?"-And?
He'd probably scour VIM's talent list
for underemployed actors,tell them they've been hired
for a site-specific immersivetheater piece as cosmopolitan partygoers,
invite just enough real friendsto lend it an air of legitimacy
and raid the "Birthday Dad" setfor furniture.
That's brilliant!Todd, I've done it again!
-Let's go, babies!-[giggling]
Uh... Babies. Come on!
-[trunk trumpets]-[giggling continues]
War.
And for what?
-A couple trophies? A parade?-[BoJack groans]
No. Not for me.
Maybe I'm just a crazy,old birthday person,
-but I think war is bad.-[bell rings]
Great job, Mr. Peanutbutter.You're changing hearts and minds.
Isn't this great? Working together?
For the next take,can we get Dead Body Number Four
to face away from the camera?
-Oh! That's you!-Yeah.
-Exciting!-[grunts, groans]
[director] All the way awayfrom the camera.
[grunts, groans]
[muffled] I can't really breathe.
That's okay. Let's run it again.
-[screams]-Cool dressing room.
And great work on that scene.
You really seemed likea hollowed-out corpse.
Once animated by the fire of life,
now consumed by horrorand regret, and for what?
Great. You wanna get dinner?
Oh, I'd love to, buddy,but I have like five more scenes to shoot.
Oh. Of course, yeah.I'll see you back at the house then?
Yeah. Oh! I'm probably going to headright to Todd's fancy party after work.
Todd's having a fancy party?
Mr. Peanutbutter,we're ready for the scene
where you help an American soldierand a Taliban insurgent
realize they both have the same birthday.
-It's Christmas.-Ugh.
[line ringing]
BoJack!
[Todd] Greetings, cast!
As you know,
you have been hired to play urbane,civilized party guests.
So, if at any point tonight
a "member of the audience"tries to talk to you,
please say oneof the three following phrases
that elegant adults say all the time:
"I'm starting to think smart phonesare actually making us less connected."
-Oh, yeah!-"Well, that's politics for you!"
Or, "Sir, you cannot remove your shoesinside this Applebee's."
[all] Ooh!
-Hey!-Hello.
What's that?
It's a case of Ass-Jolt,Pickles' favorite alcoholic energy drink.
I don't need them anymore.
-Oh, fish, I forgot a gift.-You have two options.
This sourdough starteror a haiku I wrote on a grain of rice
-and then suspended in a bottle.-Uh...
Why don't we just saythey're both from both of us?
Yeah.
-[woman gasps] Ugh.-And you don't wanna open it?
I'm not ready. As long as I don't read it,she's still in my life.
It's good to have people that remind uswhy we stay sober.
That's what my daughter is for me.
Here's your sandwich.Chef made it just for you.
Hmph, hmph, hmph.
Okay, do I have a horn?
Because everybody keeps looking at melike I'm some kind of freak.
Well, if you've got a horn,you're the ugliest unicorn I ever saw.
You'd be kicked out of the unicorn kingdom
because you couldn't get a dateto the marshmallow cotillion.
Yeah, or because I snorted upall the magic fairy glitter.
[deep voice] "This summer:Dumbass Unicorn."
[chuckles] That's so stupid.No, that's exactly what they'd do.
It would be like"Nasty Unicorn: The Unicorn Who Parties."
[normal voice] Yeah, and his hornis like a corkscrew,
and he tries to open a bottle of wine,but it gets stuck,
so now he's got this wine bottleon his head,
just dripping wine down his face,
-like... [grunting]-[laughing]
"Nasty Unicorn.
He puts the 'U' in 'Eff you.'"
Okay, but it wouldn't be "Nasty Unicorn."It would be "Horny Unicorn"!
Oh, shit, that's amazing.Now we have to do it.
[chuckles] What do you mean "do it"?
The movie. You're the Horny Unicorn.I'll direct. We're doing it.
Yeah. I'm not really the guypeople wanna see in movies right now.
Yeah, they don't wanna see yoube Secretariat or raising orphans.
But they will see you be a rude dude
who says all the things polite societyis too limp-dicked to say.
This is your way back in.This is how you get that love back.
"The Horny Unicorn"?
Yeah, 'cause deep down, he's wounded.He's misunderstood.
It's not his fault he's the way he is!
-And people are gonna see that!-Yeah?
Yeah! He's like, "Hey, buddy!I never asked to be the horny unicorn!
What? You think I like it thatI gotta jizz rainbows every 20 minutes
to keep my horn from going soft?"
[chuckles] I don't know.
Come on. I know you need the money.
When are you gonna stoppunishing yourself?
[video game noises]
Flip it. No, you gotta... [sighs]Flip the thing. Flip it.
Hey, Sonny, do you knowwhere the advance copy of my book is?
Your stupid book about the mall?
Haven't seen it.'Cause I would never even notice it.
-'Cause it's for losers. Girl losers.-[laughing]
You can just say losers.
Girls can be losers without specifyingthat they're girls.
Will you let me know if you see it?I need to get revisions to my publisher.
[chuckles] Sounds like a "you" problem.
[sniggering]
Girl loser.
-[piano music playing]-[indistinct chatter]
-Hello.-We're here for the party?
We brought a plant.
Uh, just one sec.
I'm starting to think smart phonesare actually making us less connected.
-They are!-Well, that's politics for you.
-It is!-Hey, man. Uh...
-What's going on?-We're here for the party.
We brought a plant.
Look... [sighs] BoJack,don't make me ask you to leave.
-You don't have to---Come on, dude. Let us in.
-This plant's heavy as tits.-I don't want a whole thing here.
My mom is comingand I haven't spoken to her in ten years,
and I can't risk anything happening.
What do you think is going to "happen"?
I don't know, man,but something always happens with you
and usually I've been cool because I knowyou're always dealing with your own shit,
but I can't risk it tonight.
I'm sober. Nothing is going to happen.
Yeah, bro, what do you think's gonna--Oh, shit.
Ugh!
I'll see you around.
We spent like 30 bucks on that plant.
Yes, I have made mistakes. So, now what?I'm just supposed to go away forever?
I'm sorry, but that's bullshit.
This is where you find outwho your real friends are.
Part of being sober is leaving behindall the people
who can't stop seeing you as the personwho pissed in the fountain
-at my own daughter's sweet 16.-Yeah?
You think you owe them somethingbecause they tolerated you at your worst,
but these people enjoy seeing you failbecause it lets them feel superior.
They don't know how to process itwhen you're no longer the huge screw-up
who hijacked a Meals On Wheels vanto bring my friends to a strip club.
-I don't know---I do. You know what else I know?
You gotta go where the love is.
Yeah. Maybe.
That's why we gotta make "Horny Unicorn."
Because it's gonna make a billion dollarsand drive all those assholes crazy!
It would be good to have somethingto keep me busy.
See? That's what I'm talking about!
-There he is! There's my Horn-corn!-[phone buzzing]
-Ah, shit. My daughter's in trouble.-What is it?
You mind if we swing by EWE.S.C.real quick?
EWE.S.C.? I'm trying to keepa low profile.
-I don't think a college campus---BoJack, this is my daughter, okay?
She's the one person I care about,the one thing keeping me sober.
-Why do you need me to go with you?-Unbelievable.
When everyone else abandoned you,who was there for you?
When the world judged youand ridiculed you?
And now, the one timeI need something from you...
Okay. I'm in.
Or as the horny unicorn would say,"Am I in?"
Oh, you're in, baby!
[video game noises]
No. No. Come on, come on,come on! Come on!
-What the hell, Diane?-Ah! I'm working! I'm just taking a break.
-Oh, you found my book?-Yeah, and it sucked. Totally unrealistic.
-You read my book?-I've been reading it.
Obviously, I wasn't gonna say itin front of my friends,
because it's a book for girl babies,but anyways it didn't even make sense!
What do you mean?
Like, you say the book takes placein Chicago, but Ivy lives in Schaumburg.
Schaumburg, Diane?Schaumburg's not Chicago.
It's in the Chicago metropolitan--
Oh, my God, what's next?!Evanston, Chicago?
Morton Grove, Chicago?Naperville, Chicago?
-That's what you sound like!-Okay, it's not too late to change it.
Good. And while you're at it,
-I've got some other questions.-Yeah?
Like, okay. When Ivy told Moosethat he wasn't her best friend anymore
and Moose said,"You're still my best friend
whether you like it or not..." [sniffs]
-was that real?-What do you mean?
Like, did that really happen,
that someone could besomeone's best friend still
even when they're disappointed in them?
Um, yeah, Sonny, that's real.
Okay. And you know how Ivykept her dad's watch in her locker
because even though he wasn't aroundshe still knew that he loved her?
-Was that real, too?-Well, the book is fiction.
Yeah, no, I get it, I just...parts of it felt real, you know?
Yeah. I know.
It's cool that you wrote a book.I mean, I think girls are gonna like it.
Especially girls who, like,don't have good self-esteem.
-I hope so.-So, when's the next one coming out?
Just in case you need me to check itfor other mistakes, you know. [sniffs]
Well, if I get started right away,it should be out by next fall.
-Cool. You gotta flip it.-Oh, shit, shit, shit, shit!
-Jagger! Jagger!-Shh, shh.
Hey, hey, hey, keep it down maybe?
Oh, my God, Dad,is this seriously happening?
-Why are you here?-You knew what you were doing
when you likedyour mother's Instagram post
of her on the beachwith her new boyfriend.
-What?-It was a good picture!
That's why we're here?
Every month,you get five Instagram likes on my account
and five on your mother's account.
You heard what the judge mandated!
Hey, man, let's just go. Okay?People are starting to--
-Are you BoJack Horseman?-No.
-Yeah, you are.-NoJack.
Were you trying to get my attention?'Cause you got it now, baby!
-Dad!-The story got picked up by TMZ!
You're ruining my life!
You're making me look likea real cuck, Jagger.
I'm getting cucked by my own daughter!
You don't even know what that word means!
I just want you to know,
-I think you got a real bum deal.-Oh, yeah?
You got massively sandbaggedin that interview, bro.
-You were trying to apologize.-Thank you.
Everything these days is all"patriarchy" this and "male gaze" that.
And, well, I think it's cool you're pushing back against that.
Well, no, I'm not pushing back.
No, Bo, I'm saying it's cool.You can relax here. This is a safe space.
-Okay.-You're embarrassing me!
Oh, yeah? How's this for embarrassing?
Your last spon-con post for L'Oréal?It came off as disingenuous!
[gasps] You know I love my wide arrayof L'Oréal products!
From game days with the galsto cram sessions at the creamery,
L'Oréal gives me the confidenceto shine my brightest!
Do you wanna come back to Delta House?
I think those guyswould be super-stoked to meet you.
-They'd be stoked?-Super-stoked.
All right, let's get out of here.
My daughter sucks, which is surprisingbecause I did such a good job raising her.
Let's make one more stop.
-Hey! Looking good!-Well, that's politics for you!
[phone buzzes, beeps]
-Hello?-Your mother isn't feeling well.
She's still recovering from her surgery.
Oh.
Does that mean you're not comingto my refined, upscale party
that I totally didn't just throw togetheronly to impress you?
I'm sorry, uh, no.But thank you for inviting us.
Jorge, I'm trying to connect to her.
I know. Please keep trying.
[beeps]
I'm starting to think that smart phonesare actually making us less connected.
And then I passed out in the pool.Sploosh!
Luckily, Lindsay Lohan was thereto perform CPR.
She still credits me for being the reasonshe got sober... that time.
[chuckles] Wow.
-Who's Lindsay Lohan?-She's a celebrity from the olden days.
Olden days? Jesus.
Hey, look, buddy, I gotta go.
I'm gonna walk this co-ed backto her room.
'Cause, you know, there's pervs out there.
Are you serious?You're supposed to be my sponsor.
So, what, I gotta hang outwith you all the time?
Relax, okay? I'll call you tomorrow,we'll set up "Horny Unicorn."
Enjoy your people.
Okay.
-[camera shutter clicks]-Hey, man. Hey! No pictures!
-Delete that.-Come on.
Hey, no. You come on.I'm not here to be your cool story later.
Okay, sorry.
I shouldn't be here.
[bottle clinks]
[line ringing]
[female voice] The number you are tryingto reach has been disconnected.
Goodbye.
What?
[gasps, exhales]
Huh.
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
[camera shutter clicks]
[camera shutter clicks]
[camera shutters click]
♪ Back in the '90sI was in a very famous TV show ♪
-♪ I'm BoJack the Horseman ♪-♪ BoJack ♪
♪ BoJack the HorsemanDon't act like you don't know ♪
♪ And I'm trying to hold on to my past ♪
♪ It's been so longI don't think I'm gonna last ♪
♪ I guess I'm just tryingTo make you understand ♪
♪ That I'm more horse than a man ♪
-♪ Or I'm more man than a horse ♪-♪ BoJack ♪




Season 6 ep. 14 
















-[elevator dings]-[men laughing]
And that's the end of a sexist,fatphobic anecdote
in which I was so desperateto get out of the rain,
-I slept with a plus-sized woman.-[laughter continues]
[woman] Hold the door.
-Oh! Did I miss a meeting?-No, Angela.
We took Davey here outfor a big '90s-style birthday party,
it being the '90s and all...
I would have come!I love the '90s, and it being them.
Come on, the president of the networkshouldn't fraternize with the board.
Let your number two handle that stuff.
-[elevator dings]-[laughter continues]
I don't like you going to birthday partiesbehind my back, Teddy.
I was doing reconnaissance for you!
You didn't hear it from me,
but there's some concernthat as a single career gal, you're,
-well, a single career gal.-And?
ABC's supposed to bea family network.
I understand families.
Uh-huh.
Does he?
Oh, Herb. [sighs]
[Herb] I'm sorry, okay?
It's called discretion, Herb.
We're trying to sellthe network to Disney.
Disney? You think Michael Eisnergives a hoot who I go to bed with?
We don't need to bring Eisner into this.
Obviously,Michael Eisner is a compassionate
and progressive individual.
This isn't about him.
-So, it's you. Just say it's you.-No. You're the one--
If you're going to fire me,at least have the balls to fire me.
-You're fired.-Hey. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You think you can do"Horsin' Around" without me?
We could do it without anybody.All we need is the horse.
And that horse is just gonna go alongwith you canning his best friend?
You want BoJack to betray me,you're gonna need one hell of a pitch.
Okay.
[theme music playing]
-[inhales, sighs]-[knocking on door]
-Mr. Horseman, you're invited to set?-Thank you.
-The set of "Horny Unicorn"?-Yes, I'm aware.
To shoot a scenein which the titular horny unicorn
gets his penis stuck in a saxophone,
because he was hoping to "get blown"?
I know the scene, thank you.
[slurps, gulps]
Ah.
[phone rings, beeps]
Hello?
-BoJack, this is Angela Diaz.-Huh?
We met once before.
I remember.
I saw your interview several months back.It made me nostalgic.
Me too. Nostalgic for the daybefore I did the interview.
Oh, yes, humor. [chuckles]
If you're free tonight, you could come bythe house, watch the fire, reminisce.
There's somethingI've been meaning to ask you.
-What?-Wouldn't you love to find out?
Uh...
So, the Stephen King musical openedright next door to the Sondheim revival.
We have clients in both. I was worried there'd be tension,
but it turns out Misery loves Company.
Judah, are you in a band?
Why do you ask that?
I've always wondered if you were in a bandever since this afternoon
when I overheard Juniper tell Stuartthat you were in a band.
You're playing a gig tonight,and the whole office is going.
I was planning to invite you,but didn't want you to feel obligated.
-We're not good.-[phone ringing]
Lenny! How the shell are you?
I got trouble, PC!
You know Teddy Buttons,my head of production?
I'm familiar with Teddy.
I somehow missed that Teddy has spentthe last 20 years showing women his...
I'm familiar.
See, that's why I love you.You're discreet.
-You're tough. You're Teflon.-That's me, an old frying pan.
I could use someone who canhandle the heat over here.
Someone who can be moreprofessional and less... Moonves.
What are you saying?
I want you to run Turteltaub'snew female-focused studio division,
-Girtletaub!-I didn't sneeze.
No, Girtletaub is the studio.
I wanna announce a slatebefore the Teddy story hits the trades.
You think you can throw one together?
You want me to pitchmy dream movie studio?
I need it tomorrow morning. We gotta hitthe ground running with this thing.
[stammers] You don't wannago slow and steady?
-What am I, a tortoise?-[phone beeps]
Hmm.
Get me box office numbers.
We need firm financial figures to frame
how fans flockto flicks that flex chicks,
woman films,like Pretty, Wonder, Little.
Diary of a Mad Black.I'll get my laptop.
Oh, wait! Your gig.
I have time. This is important.When a Man Loves a...
-What?-That's another film title,
as we were discussing previously.
Oh, of course.
Mm.
[phone rings, beeps]
-Hey, Guy, I'm about to...-Diane.
Am I wearing a T-shirt right now that says"Treat me like I'm some kind of asshole"?
I can't see you right now,but I'm guessing by your tone, no?
Then why is my ex-wife treating melike I'm some kind of asshole?
Did you tell heryou weren't wearing the shirt?
Lady got a job in Houston.
She's taking Sonny out of schooland moving to Texas.
She can't do that!
Well, she can,because she has full custody.
And this is her dream job, and I'm reallyhappy for her. But this sucks!
Well, they must need cameramenin Houston, and I can write anywhere...
I... couldn't ask you to do that.
I wouldn't ask you to ask.
If Sonny's going to Houston,then we're going.
Okay. Okay. All right. Houston.Uh, g-go, Astros!
Go... rodeos!
Hope you like barbecue!
I hope I don't need another abortionbecause they are hard to get there!
-Wait, what?-Just trying to think of Texas things.
Sorry. Houston!
All day at the airport,I watch people pull suitcases.
Why do we sufferthat extra weight dragging us down?
Because we need clean clothes.
The point is: helium luggage.
Why pack lightwhen you can pack lighter than air?
All right, so Mom's too sickto come out of her room
but not too sickto make her famous Frito pie?
Well, she wanted to see you.
She was fine all dayand then suddenly ill with a stomach bug.
I wanna see her.
No, no, no, no, she's not there!She's at the Zumba.
Is she at Zumba or is she sick?
She is sick but was hopingthe Afro-Latin fusion beats
-would make her feel better.-[sighs]
This was a mistake.
-[car alarm chirps]-[Todd] Hmm.
Todd, I must confess to you,your mother is not at Zumba.
I can see her in the window.
Oh! That's a mannequinso I can test out my outfits.
-You're lying again!-[sighs]
Okay. She didn't come to dinnerbecause she's ashamed.
She can't say hello?The woman has my kidney!
And that's why she's ashamed.
A mother shouldn't owe her child her life.
If she could turn it around somehow,save your life...
-But, alas, she cannot.-Huh.
But maybe if she could...but no, you’re obviously healthy.
-But if you weren't...-[gasps]
-But you are.-Hmm.
-Clearly there is nothing to be done.-Hmm.
[coughs] Ugh.
[inhales, sighs]
[clears throat]
-[Angela] Hey.-Wha--
Aren't you the horsefrom "Horsin' Around"?
[chuckles] Mm.
[grunts]
Look at this thing.I fell down one time and I'm an invalid.
-Word to the wise, BoJack, don't get old.-I'll see what I can do about that.
My 40-year-old companiontreats me like a fragile antique.
I've got a Lamborghini Miuraand she won't even let me drive it.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Anyway, I wanted to say I'm sorry.
Uh...
Yeah?
I'm sorry that at the '94 upfrontswe made you do that stupid BoJack dance.
Oh. Is that why you wantedto see me tonight?
No. You're tall.I need you to reach a box.
"Melanie, good luck with your braces.I think they look cool."
Huh?
Mr. Peanutbutter?
Oh.
Uh...
-♪ Who's that dog? ♪-♪ Mr. Peanutbutter! ♪
-Diane!-You wrote a memoir?
Oh, yeah! I had the idea a few months ago,then one weekend it just fell out of me.
-What?-From the way people talk about writing,
I always assumed it was very difficult,
but it turns out it's not at all,literally anyone can do it!
Yes, that's always been my experience.
I loved your new book, by the way.
-Thanks.-I'm happy for you, Diane.
Even though it's really easyto write a book,
it's still an accomplishmentto be proud of.
-I am.-And how's Chicago?
Are you a Chicagoan yet?You know, I went to school in Chicago.
You went to Northwestern.That's not in Chicago.
Ah! You are a Chicagoan!
I'm actually about to move to Houston.
In New York? Oh, I think therethey pronounce it "Hose-town."
No, Texas. My boyfriend and I are going.
Oh, wow! Boyfriend.
-Yeah.-That's fantastic.
I wanna hear all about him.I assume he's a good guy?
He's actually the best Guy.
His girlfriend looks nice.He seems healthy.
What-- What's his job?
I think he runs a daycare,
but he talks about the babiesas if they're his co-workers,
so it's impossible to know for sure.
-I should have been there.-We'll try again.
-[phone rings]-Oh!
-Hello?-[woman] Listen up, Helen.
I've kidnapped your sonand I demand a ransom or I will--
-[whispers] Next card?-[grunts]
"Murder him!"
Oh, no! Todd's gonna get murderedby a fearsome stranger
whose sage, buttery voice simultaneouslycomforts me and fills me with dread.
Sounds like a lot of rangefor a kidnapper.
Who are you and what do you want?
"I'm your worst nightmare and I wantone hundred of your famous Frito pies."
Yes. Anything!
"Under the Hyperion Street Bridgein one hour."
That was perfect! Thank you, Margo!
It's the least I can do.
Getting you to buythat addictive video game
was the act that set me downthis ruinous path so many years ago.
If I can make things right by you,
maybe there's hope yetfor this wretched soul.
Okay!
[groaning]
Open it.
-Whoa.-The studio went all-out.
They even found your original screen test.
That's incredible.
Too bad no one will ever see it.
After your interview,we couldn't give these things away.
Oh, right. Sure.
It was a great show.
It would be a shamefor it to be forgotten now.
Maybe it's for the best.
I just feel so bad for Sarah Lynn.She was so good.
It's tragicshe won't be remembered for it.
Well, nothing we can doabout it now, right?
[groans]
[clicks tongue, sighs]
I've completed a projectionfor female-led films over five years.
It's encouraging but vague until I getthe specifics of your dream slate.
I don't know what that is!I don't remember my dreams.
Did I ever even have dreams? [sighs]
If you leave now,you can still make your show.
My job is to be here when you are.
No. Don't give your whole lifeto this job,
because if you do, someday someonewill finally ask you what you want
and you'll realizeyou don't even know anymore.
-Okay.-I'm sorry to miss it.
You missing itwill make eye contact easier tomorrow.
[chuckles]
Gronkle has been re-cuttingold episodes of The Cosby Show
to take out all the Cosby scenes.
-They call it "The Show."-Huh.
They wanna try something similarwith "Horsin' Around."
So, it'll just be "Around"?
It'll just be around eight minutesan episode,
which is perfectfor today's ADD-addled youth.
It's about three precocious orphans
living without any adult supervision,
who learn that wisdom and guidancecan be found everywhere.
It's all "around."
Well, sounds likeyou got it all figured out.
-What do you need me for?-Your backend.
Nobody's going to watch the show
if they thinkyou're still profiting off it.
-I need that money now more than ever.-We want to buy you out.
A one-time payment and thenyou're divorced from the show forever.
[inhales] Oof.
Do it for Sarah Lynn.
Doesn't she deserve more
than to be rememberedas the girl you killed?
[sighs]
Have you seen the episodeswithout me in them?
-Mm-hmm.-And they're good?
If you sign that document, you won't needto worry about that ever again.
[sighs] Good, let's drink.
I'm fine with my water, thanks.
You're not fooling anyonewith that water bottle.
Let me fix you a real drink.
One.
Wow, this is a huge crowd for us.Is everyone from your office here?
[sighs]
Not everyone.
Judah, obviouslyI was speaking figuratively.
[sighs]
[keyboard clacking]
[groans]
[woman] Hi, we areSpectrum of Enchantment.
Our lead singer had to go back to work...
-What?-...so we'll be playing
all of the instrumentalversions of our songs. So...
Whoo!
-Instrumentals!-[scoffs]
[upbeat music playing]
♪ Now boys and girlsIf you wanna do the BoJack ♪
♪ Take your handsPut them up on your lower back ♪
♪ Take your circle and strut and strut Wiggle your hips and jiggle your... ♪
-Uh-oh!-Whoo!
♪ ...troubles and pull up your pantsThat's how you do the BoJack dance! ♪
[laughing]
-Brilliant!-[music stops]
Yeah, but no one wantsto do the BoJack now. [grunts]
It's funny. I remember a timewhen I was scared you'd leave the show.
Who'd have thoughtone day I'd be asking you to?
[grunting]
When were you scaredthat I'd leave the show?
Oh, Herb was gay and I had to convince youto let us fire him.
-Let you?-You probably don't even remember,
but I had this whole speechI practiced in the mirror.
I was terrifiedyou were going to call my bluff.
Bluff? All this time, I thoughtthere was nothing I could have done...
I guess I bluffed good!
-I'm not taking your stupid deal.-No! You signed!
[both grunting]
-Stop, you idiot! [grunts]-No.
No! Why should I give you what you want?You took everything from me.
My job was on the line.You have no idea--
Every stupid decision I made,every bad thing that has ever happened,
-it all started because of you.-Grow up.
You play these games, "if I hadn'tdone this, if I wasn't so that,"
but you did and you were and here we are.
I can't... I...
Here we are!Because we did what we had to do.
So, what do you have to do now?
[pants]
[exhales]
Oh, God.
That's right.
Now, another drink?
[sighs]
[sighs]
-[siren blares in distance]-[Todd grunts]
Please! Don't hurt him!
-Boy dies if you don't got the pies.-[panting]
We have them. Jorge? Go! Go!
Whoa, whoa! Hey, hey!We should have boxed them!
-[Helen and Todd] No!-[Margo yelling]
Please don't hurt him.I never got to make it right.
I've ruined my chance...
Spare me the deets.I just want the freets.
-Frito pies, that is.-Oh!
No! Stop! [pants, exhales]
-Mom! Mom!-Helen? Are you all right?
It's okay. It's not real. I'm fine!It's a classic Todd shenanigan!
But how would you know what that is?
I think my wife is having a heart attack.
That's Margo Martindale, the actress!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I was too convincing!Oh, if only I wasn't so good at acting!
It's funny, isn't it?The things that matter?
The truth is none of it matters
and the truth is it all matterstremendously.
It's a wonder any of usever get out of bed at all.
And yet, we get out of bed.
I'm going home.
[groans, inhales]
-What are you doing?-I'm taking your car.
-What?-You're not using it.
Someone should get some pleasure outof something in this sad, stupid world.
Consider it a signing bonus.
Ugh.
[grunts] And I'm taking these.
But the lazy Susansturned out to be very problematic.
-Why?-Offensive to Susans.
There was a protestorganized by Susan Sarandon.
Oh, no!
Not that many Susans showed up.You know what they say about Susans.
They're lazy?
Suddenly you're desperately seeking them.
Anyway, I don't knowhow we got talking about me for so long.
You were gonna tell meabout your boyfriend. It's good?
It's really good. When I'm with him,
I feel like I'm part of an "us," you know?
Like, every other relationship, I alwaysfelt like a "me" in a relationship.
Does that make sense?
Uh, yeah. That makes sense.
Sorry. I-I didn't realizeI was doing that.
I've always tried to bean "us" with people
even when I could seeit wasn't a good idea.
Now that I'm single, I feel likeI'm finally learning how to be a "me."
That's great.
I know there were times you wouldtry to tell me something
and instead of listening,I just tried to fix it
or convince you there wasn't a problem.
I shouldn't have done that.
We're all doing our best.
-I wanna know now.-Know what?
Tell me what it's like to be Diane.
Okay. When you're Diane,
you can live your whole lifelike it's a puzzle,
put togetherfrom the pieces of different sets.
Like a crossover puzzle?
Exactly.
Your whole life is fullof these pieces that don't quite fit.
Sounds like a hard puzzle.
But at some point,you start to think it's you.
You're the piece that doesn't quite fit.
And you spend so long with that feelingthat the feeling becomes your home.
And it can be jarringwhen you discover one day
that you suddenlydon't feel that way anymore.
At first, you don't trust it.
But then, gradually, you do.
I'm sorry. That was a weird thingto be telling my ex-husband.
No.
-I'm really happy for you, Diane.-It's funny.
I feel like if we met each otheras the people we are now,
things would be totally different with us.
Yeah, but if we hadn't meteach other until now,
we wouldn't be the people we are now.
Yeah.
Two equally accomplished book writers.
Uh-huh.
-[roars, laughs]-[screams]
You suffered an anxiety attack.
I'd encourage you to avoidstressful situations like, uh,
fake kidnappings under abandoned bridges.
Okay, paperwork time.
You seem like a fellow who enjoysunnecessary bureaucracy.
I do, Doctor.
Mm, was that the bridgewhere they shot Grease?
-Yeah!-That's neat.
Todd, I'm so sorry!
Oh, no, I know you didn't mean to--
I thought kicking you outwas the right thing.
You were 18.You had dropped out of high school.
You were always high.You only wore flip-flops.
-You never showered.-You don't have to list everything.
I wanted you to grow up,not leave forever.
Then more and more time passedand I didn't know how to make it right.
Truth is, I did grow up. Your plan worked.
I haven't had a mom for so long, I...I don't really need one anymore.
Oh. So, what do we do now?
Well, I do have one idea.
-What?-A big robot suit like in Aliens,
but for babiesso they can do grown-up things!
-That sounds dangerous.-Yeah, I guess it is.
But maybe the robots could be powered
by energy generatedfrom sucking on pacifiers.
That is so smart! Babies love suckingand right now it's just wasted energy!
[Margo's voice] And so you see,the circle had become complete.
All the twists and turns had all beenpart of a beautiful tapestry,
a grander mission to bring this boyand his mother together again.
That's quite a story.But you've killed a lot of people.
-Margo Martindale, you're going to pris---[woman] Wait!
You can't send her to jail beforeshe gets to act in one of my movies!
Indie filmmaker Nicole Holofcener?
I find it hard to believe Margo Martindalehas never appeared in your work.
It's true! And I need her to playthe mother of the poetry student
Catherine Keener has an affair within my new film, "Classroom Warfare."
Ooh! Can I, Mr. Judge? Please?
Damn, that does sound good.
Okay, you're free to go.
Yee-haw!
[brakes squeak]
Come on. Open. Open! Open up! [grunts]
God. Where's my stupid...
-[tires screech]-[crashes]
[groans] Why is everything so difficult?
Have it your way, door.
Todd! How come we never go swimming?
This is terrible.
Well, hello.
Who put pills in my house?
Judah, you were supposed to havethe night off! Your hair is so long!
-I'd rather be here.-[sighs]
I know.
Would you think I was an idiotif I didn't go work for Turteltaub?
I would never think you were an idiot.
This slate we're putting together...[stammers]
We could get some financiersand do it ourselves, right?
If there's one thing I knowabout this business,
it's never underestimatewhat Princess Carolyn can do by herself.
Well, not all by myself.
Well... [chuckles]
I've got the babysitter 'til 11:00.We might as well keep working, right?
-How can I help?-Why don't you play me one of your songs?
♪ I strive for precision ♪
♪ My aim is to be accurate and clear ♪
♪ I don't say thingsI don't know to be true ♪
♪ So believe meWhen I tell you I love you ♪
♪ I don't write good love songs ♪
♪ I'm not adept with metaphors or rhymes ♪
♪ I just want to describeThe things I know ♪
♪ And the only thing I knowIs that I love you ♪
♪ Please believe me when I tell you ♪
I love you, Princess Carolyn.
Mm.
["Horsin' Around" jingle plays]
[groans]
What are you so happy about?
[remote clicking]
-BoJack Horseman. Six-foot-five.-[Herb] All right. Whenever you're ready.
A mustard sandwich?
We may be orphansbut leave us our dignity.
[Herb] Uh, BJ, that's Ethan's line.
Oh, right. Uh...
Orphans, huh?
What am I supposed to feed you?
-All right, stop. You're nervous.-Oh.
-Forget the script.-Okay.
We're gonna do that movie that you'realways making me watch. You know...
You have to answerfor the chimpanzee, Tino.
No, Mickey, you got it all wrong!
So, where'd all the bananas go?
The chimp's dead, Tino. So's the bonobo.
Who you been monkeyin' around with?
I can't do it anymore!It was the marmoset!
Good. Perfect.Now look at the red dot. Go!
What am I supposed to feed you?I have mustard.
A mustard sandwich?
We may be orphansbut leave us our dignity.
Well, I can't fix you a martini.
Hey, wait! I have olives! [sniffs]
Nope. Not olives.
-Perfect!-Yeah? You, you think we got it?
Buckle up, buddy,your life is about to start.
[chuckles]
[static crackles]
♪ Ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-ka, ah ♪
♪ Ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-kaBoJack ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa, yeah! ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Now, boys and girlsIf you wanna do the BoJack ♪
♪ Take your handsAnd put them on your lower back ♪
♪ Walk in a circle and strut and strut ♪
♪ Wiggle your hipsAnd jiggle your... uh-oh! ♪
♪ Push away your troublesAnd pull up your pants ♪
♪ And that's how you doThe BoJack dance! ♪
♪ Hey ♪
[horse neighs]




Season 6 ep. 15 
















[birds chirping]
[doorbell rings]
What you got there?
I think it's a hydrangea.
Does she even like that kind of plant?
Probably not. She doesn't like anything.
Hello, BoJack.
Thanks for having me, Mom.
You're the guest of honor.
Everyone, BoJack is here.
-[Herb] Hey, buddy! Get in here!-[Sarah Lynn giggles]
-For you.-Oh, a plant.
-Dirt for inside. Goody.-[sighs]
[theme music playing]
[dripping]
You got here just in time, BoJack.
A bird flew in through the window
and we're having troublegetting her out of the house.
[Sarah Lynn] Yeah, call yourself earlyand go get a worm!
Golly, she's more coythan a coyote claiming a cottontail.
-Ahem. Phone for you, Mrs. Horseman.-[grunting]
Thank you, butler.
-Is that Zach Braff?-Who?
Zach Braff. Actor, independent filmmaker,real-life friend of Donald Faison?
-You mean my butler?-At your service!
I actually was friends with Donaldin real life.
He's a spectacular man--
-Butler!-Sorry! Phone call for you.
I'll take it in the kitchen.
BoJack, make yourself useful for a changeand help, will ya?
With the bird?
Hello? Oh, it's you.
All right. That does it! [grunts]Son of a--!
With a drop like that,
you'd think she was the ratingsfor Veronica's Closet
when it moved to Mondays.
Ugh. Comedy poison.Who wants to laugh on a Monday?
BJ! Finally made itto our little soirée, huh?
Yeah, I kept having this dreamwhere I was having dinner
with all the people who were goneand I thought, "I should do that!"
So, here I am.
-We've got to flank her from the left.-[bird] Huh?
Hello. Crackerjack?
-That's what it says on my underpants!-[giggles]
[grunts] The uncle I never metand yet could never live up to!
[grunts] All right, soldier. Ready, aim...
-[bird giggles]-Huh?
Hey! What's up, man?
Hey, Corduroy. [stammers] Good to...
Still weirded out because the last timeyou saw me I was naked,
hanging from my iPhone charger,holding a lemon, with a very erect penis
despite being deceased in my trailerfor over an hour?
Yep.
You're gonna have to get over that, buddy.
Hmm. Mm. Ooh.
-What are you...? Stop that.-Oh! Oh, sorry.
Forgot where I was for a second.
-Think this'll help?-Kid's got the right idea.
We can chuck the chokerand spook her with this poker!
-Show her who's boss!-[Sarah Lynn] Ruffle her feathers!
[Corduroy] Get her to the kitchen!
[grunting]
And that!
-All right!-[Herb] Go!
[Crackerjack] Ha-cha!
-[Sarah Lynn cheers]-[all whooping]
Yes, yes, BoJack bullied a bird.Bully for him.
Speaking of useless,
my husband is running late,so we're gonna start dinner without him.
He'll be here before the show starts,won't he?
He'd better be.
In the meantime,let's adjourn to the dining room
before our dinners getas cold as my parenting style.
[all laughing]
[Sarah Lynn] I think mine would be
the first time someone askedfor my autograph.
-Really?-Oh, wow!
I didn't even know how to write my name!
I just drew a squiggle!
-Water?-Thank you, Zach Braff.
You only get to giveyour first autograph once, you know.
The second time it becomes an obligation,the third time a chore.
But the first time...[sighs] The first time... [chuckles]
-Hey. What is that?-Ah, ah, ah.
Shh.
-[BoJack] Mm.-Okay. My turn.
Mine was also when I signedon a dotted line to enlist.
Are you ready to sing "The Lollypop Song"in the big show later?
No, Mom.You know I never make it to the show.
I didn't know then that enlistingwould lead to my two worst parts.
You have two?I didn't know we could pick two.
Corduroy, it's a conversation,not an assignment.
-[Corduroy] In that case, I have three.-[Herb] Three is way too many.
My worst parts were saying goodbyeto my mother
and seeing a bullet go straightthrough my general's face,
right before it hit my own.
-[all gasp]-At least your death was instantaneous.
I can still hear the loud drips of my IVfrom when I had cancer.
-Drip. Drip.-Ooh.
-[Corduroy] What about you, BoJack?-What?
Best part, worst part, what about you?
Well, I guess my worst parthas to be, um...
Right before I got here, I think? Uh...
I went to Angela Diaz's house.
[gulps, spits] Ugh!
Does anyone else's watertaste like chlorine?
Hey, Braff, can I getsome different water over here?
Right away, Mr. Horseman.
Crackerjack, do you think your deathmeant something
because it was in the serviceof a greater cause?
-Aw, shucks.-Of course it meant something.
I think questions like that are too bigfor a little soldier like me.
My brother gave the ultimate sacrifice.
-Because sometimes I wonder---But see, this is where I get hung up,
because when we valorizethe idea of sacrifice,
-of loss, of suffering---BoJack, don't start with this again.
When we grow upin a house that does that,
we internalize this ideathat being happy is a selfish act,
but sacrifice doesn't mean anything.
-[Sarah Lynn] Yes, it does.-Sacrifice?
In the service of something greater,maybe, but just in and of itself?
-What's the good in that?-A lot.
Sacrifice is good.
It has to be because I sacrificed a ton,and I was freaking awesome.
Oh, and what did you ever sacrifice?
I gave everything.
I gave my whole life.
You died in a hedonistic bender.
I'm not talking about my death.
I'm talking about my life.I gave my whole life.
If we get into everyone's whole life,we're gonna be here all night.
It's called "Best Part/Worst Part,"not "Everything That Ever Happened."
Okay, worst part:
the 2007 "Sexually Confident Virgin Tour."
My manager leaked nudesto get more tour dates added,
my mom pointed out every carb I ate,it was hell.
But it gave millions of fansa show they will never forget.
And that is worth something.
No, that's a high you chase.
-It was not.-You think you singing songs on stage
is the same thing as this guywho died liberating the camps?
We don't need to compareapples to Auschwitzes.
Herb, tell 'em. It means something--the work we do, the joy we bring.
It has to, right?
Boy, I sure thought so.I-I used to really believe in it.
I mean, I was one "trapped in an airportduring a snowstorm
on the eve of the dance championshipguest starring Gregory Hines" episode
away from an Emmy.
Then I lost it all.
Ow! Seriously, is no one noticingthis leak?
Fine, we'll get a bucket.
-The drips are hitting me!-Then you'll hold the bucket.
But the funny thing is,
it wasn't until I got firedthat I actually became myself.
I was out of the closet. I was free.I was authentically me.
What does being authentichave to do with anything?
Well, when I wasn't hidingbehind some facade, I could be at peace.
That's when I really gotinto philanthropy.
-Can I ask you something, Herb?-Why do people say that?
If you're asking it, then yes,you can and you will and you just did.
Yeah, why are we announcing our questions?
-Yeah, what are these questions, royalty?-[imitates fanfare]
Announcing King and Queen Queryof the Interrogative Isle.
May I ask you how do you do?
-Very well, thanks.-Ah, bup, bup, bup!
I didn't ask you yet.I asked if I could ask you.
Did you get pleasurefrom your charity work?
Like real, deep pleasure?
It dwarfed every other joy in my life.
Doesn't count then.If you got pleasure, it wasn't selfless.
And it's only good if it's selfless.
Who made up that rule? I helped people.
Who cares if it made me feel good, too?
Feeling good is inherently selfish.
If I'd given myself to Christ,truly went down the path--
I don't care for this talk of religionin my house.
If I wasn't constantlytrying to feel good, get it better,
always looking for maximum pleasure...[sighs] That was my worst part.
Well, one of the three worst parts.Wait, actually, can I have four?
Discovering you in your trailerdefinitely cracks my top five.
This is bullshit!
I did a lot for a lot of people!I was not a bad person.
No one is accusing youof being a bad person, Sarah Lynn.
[yelling] You are! You all are
with your "being authentic"and "charity work" and "killing Nazis."
I actually never killed a Nazi.All my kills were friendly fire.
I also never liberated any camps.I'm honestly not sure what I did.
Here you go.Your husband just pulled up, ma'am.
Wait, Dad's here?He's never made it to dinner before.
-Hey, here's a question.-Another question has arrived!
Did any of you have a song of yoursplayed in outer space?
Anyone? No. Just me? Oh.
That's what I thought.
My hit single "No, No, No (No Means Yes)"is making its way to Mars!
That means something.I will be remembered.
-That has to mean something. I will be---[door opens]
Sorry I'm late. Did I miss the show?
-Hey!-There he is! There's our guy!
-Dad!-I...
Oh, you didn't miss a thing.It's not like we have anywhere to be.
Why shouldn't we all bend ourselvesto your schedule?
I already apologized. I was running.
Yes. As always, running late,
while I was running myself raggedtrying to get dinner on the table.
-[clears throat]-Yes, you helped.
And now I'm running out of patiencefor you running your mouth.
And I'm running out the clockuntil we both...
Well. Here we are.
I'll just squeeze in here.
-Get yourself something nice.-Ooh! Thank you, Mr. Secretariat.
-What'd I miss?-We're playing Best Part/Worst Part.
Ooh! I got one! Machu Picchu.
When I left "Horsin' Around,"I honestly thought about killing myself.
Shit, Herb. Really?
Yeah. But the Knickswere having a good season
and I wanted to see what happened.
Wait, you didn't kill yourself
because the Knickswere having a good season?
What would you have doneif they were having a bad season?
I don't know. Gotten into baseball?
Oh, for the love...Where's your follow-through?
It's like you didn't evenwanna kill yourself!
And I'm so glad I didn't.
Because there I was ten years laterat Machu Picchu
and I realized there was so much moreI could do in a life.
Okay, my turn.
August 22nd, 1973,I was banned from running ever again.
And running, well, that was the only thingthat ever made sense to me,
-so if I couldn't do that I was nobody.-[coughing]
-This is your worst part?-Best part: jumping off that bridge.
-Jesus.-What did I say about the Jesus talk?
It was my choice.I got to go on my own terms.
Not a lot of people can say that.
-No.-That's true.
The view from up there.
-Eh, you wouldn't believe it.-[coughs]
-[all laughing]-Oh, my.
-It must've been from swimming earlier.-Oh, you were swimming?
Yeah. I, um... [clears throat]
-When was I swimming?-Don't think about that.
-Do you have a best part?-Oh, uh, I don't know.
This past year I took a teaching job.
And I had this one studentwho was really struggling,
just couldn't get over this hump.
And what, you helped himdo good in a scene? For your class?
That's the best part of your whole life?
I don't know, I was just spitballing.
I didn't know you were gonna put meon the spot like this!
Come on, buddy.What was so special about that moment?
It felt good to help someone do something.
See? Helping someone, like I said!
But he liked it because it felt good,like I said!
I liked it because it reminded meof when I was young, just starting out.
You and me, screwing around,hitting up open mics.
Trying to figure it out. I think...
-I think that was the best part.-Really?
Well, are we ready to start the show?
-[Corduroy] Let's do this!-Okay, nice seeing you all!
You're not coming?
This is always the part where I wake up.You all go to the show.
Zach Braff says "Pardon my reach"
even though he can clearlyget my plate from another angle.
-Then I wake up.-Oh, okay.
-Next time then. [sighs]-[dripping]
Pardon my reach.
Hmm.
[Herb] Hello, everyone!Please take your seats.
Tonight's show is in honorof BoJack Horseman!
What do you say, huh?Should we get this show started?
Yeah! Tonight's openerneeds no introduction,
but I'm gonna give her one anyway.
Ladies and gentlemen,the one, the only, Sarah Lynn!
-[audience cheers, applauds]-Thank you, thank you!
I'd like to dedicate tonight's performanceto the man of the hour, BoJack Horseman!
Sarah Lynn, I'm so sorryfor everything that happened with you.
With us. I should have protected you...
Ah, ah, ah. BoJack. This is my time.
Yes. Of course. Sorry.
-[knuckles crack]-[clears throat]
♪ Life is a never-ending show, old sport ♪
♪ Except the minor detail that it ends ♪
♪ The overture's a lifetimeBut the show is short ♪
♪ Here with all your family and friends ♪
♪ You run the raceYou blurt your lines ♪
♪ They put your faceOn shirts and shrines ♪
♪ And giant signs a thousand feet tall ♪
♪ And don't stop dancingDon't stop dancing ♪
♪ 'Til the curtain call ♪
♪ Shows are a never-ending lifeOf course ♪
♪ A silhouette that staysWhen you are gone ♪
♪ What use is the struggleAnd the strife, old horse? ♪
♪ End it and your legacy lives on ♪
♪ The chatter stopsThe crowd departs ♪
♪ A needle drops, the music starts ♪
♪ A song you taught me when I was small ♪
♪ Don't stop dancing ♪
♪ Don't stop dancing ♪
-[inhales]-[squelches]
[audience cheering]
Sarah Lynn? Sarah Lynn!
Okay, performingan interpretive aerial routine,
your friend and mine,and a killer hang...
-[audience laughs]-...Corduroy Jackson-Jackson!
-Where did Sarah Lynn go?-Shh.
-Try to enjoy the show.-[grunts] Ha!
-Where does this door go?-Sit down, buddy. You'll get your turn.
-No, I need you to tell me-- What?-Watch out!
-[BoJack grunts]-[Corduroy grunts]
-[drumroll]-[audience cheers]
That's a series wrapon Corduroy Jackson-Jackson!
Down in front, please?
All right,let's keep this show going, huh?
Next up, you know him, you love him,
please a give a warm, warm,burning hot welcome to...
-Hey. You wanna grab a smoke?-...Zach Braff!
-Yes. Yeah, let's get out of here.-[audience cheering]
[Zach] Oh-ho, whee! I'm honored.Honored, honored.
So, what's on the other side of that door?
The nerve of that guy.With the beard. Herb?
Yeah. Herb.
What, he says he's at peace?'Cause why, Machu Picchu?
-I don't buy it.-I don't know. I... I believe him.
I promise you,every single person in that room
would go back if we could.
Peace? That's someonetrying to convince himself of something.
-Of what?-That life has meaning or purpose, that...
that if you check the right boxesand do the dance,
then you get a little parting giftat the end,
a framed certificate that says,"Congratulations, you've got peace."
[chuckles]
-I wouldn't mind that.-But guess what?
All the time those people spent,
trying to do good or help peopleor be something?
I did none of that shit,and yet here I am, same as them.
You were the fastest runner in the world.You inspired millions.
And yet, here I am, same as you.
So, if you could go back, do it again,what would you do different?
[sighs] What would I do?I wouldn't have cared so much.
Cared about what? Racing?
About everything.
I know this part is confusingbecause I'm Secretariat
and also your dad for some reason,
but speaking as your dad,it's important that you know that I cared.
No. You never cared.You cared about your book.
You cared about getting drunk
and telling everyonehow miserable you were,
but that's not caring.
You think I didn't carebecause I put up walls,
but I cared so much, BoJack.
About you, about your mother.
I wanted you to respect me.I wanted you to love me.
I was so afraid that you would know that.
I cared so much.
It's a shame that we could nevertalk like this in real life.
All the good it would have done.
Least we got the chance this time,before I wake up.
[chuckles]
Wake up?Oh, you're not getting it, are you?
Getting what?
Loss is a collaborative art,
between the people who leave usand those who remain.
We dance with the shadowsof their absence.
-With that in mind, I present to you...-[grunts] Stop the show!
-Excuse me.-What's happening?
You're being very rude.I was about to do my roller-dance routine.
-Calm down, son.-Yes, why don't you sit down, and--
-No!-Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, no. Please!
I'm not ready. I never got to directmy Backdraft remake:
"Zach Braff's Backdraft"!
I never finished my memoir:
"I Started A Zach Which StartedThe Whole World Braffing!"
I never got to license
the Zach Braff Short StackBreakfast Attack at Shake Shack!
Cash-strapped hash brown fanswho hashtag "Zach's snacks"
get cash back fastwith the Braff Bucks app!
I need to wake up. I can't be here.
Of course. Everything's always about you.
-BJ, buddy...-Herb! How did I get here?
How the hell should I know?
I broke into my house.But it wasn't my house anymore.
I was... I was watchingthe "Horsin' Around" Blu-ray.
Yes. Yeah, and I drank some moreand I found some pills.
And then I went swimming...
No! No! No! No, wait, wait, wait!I got out of the pool.
Yes! And I called Diane!
BoJack, we're trying to do a show here.
But I called Diane.
I couldn't have drownedif I got out of the pool to call Diane!
So, I shouldn't be here.
[stammers] If I could just finishthe conversation. Where's a phone?!
[pants]
All right, ladies and gentlemen,we have a real treat for you next.
A real treat.
Come and see himbefore he makes a run for it.
-No! Stop!-It's Secretariat!
Stay calm. Flyin' off the handlewon't change a thing.
This was gonna happen to youone of these days.
A poem. Original, obviously.
It's called "The View from Halfway Down."[clears throat]
"The weak breeze whispers nothingThe water screams sublime
His feet shift teeter-totterDeep breath, stand back, it's time
Toes untouch the overpassSoon he's water bound
Eyes locked shut but peek to seeThe view from halfway down"
[audience applauds, cheers]
I'm not done. Hold on. I'm not done.I'm not done. [clears throat]
"A little wind, a summer sunA river rich and regal
A flood of fond endorphinsBrings a calm that knows no equal
You're flying now
You see things much more clearThan from the ground
It's all okay, it would beWere you not now halfway down
Thrash to break from gravity
What now could slow the drop?
All I'd give for toes to touchThe safety back at top"
I change my mind. [stammers]I change my mind. I don't wanna--
It's okay.
"But this is it, the deed is done
Silence drowns the sound
Before I leaped I should have seenThe view from halfway down
No! I really should have thoughtAbout the view from halfway down"
Find your peace, big guy. Find it.
"I wish I could have knownAbout the view from halfway down--"
[BoJack gasps]
I need to get out of here!
-Wha---BJ, where do you think you're going?
Nothing you do in here matters, pal.
Yelling and struggling isn't gonnapull your body out of that pool,
-so you might as well just---Sit down! [echoes]
But I...
Look, BJ, it's possible that someoneis going to find you and save you,
and it's also possible that someone won't.
We don't get to know.
Can I ask you a question?
[imitates fanfare]
Has anyone ever come back from this place?
-[sighs]-[mic feedback]
BJ, there is no place.
It's just your brain going throughwhat it feels like it has to go through.
All you can do right nowis sit back and enjoy the show.
[sighs]
Folks, here is Beatrice Horseman
with her younger older brother,Crackerjack!
-[audience applauds]-[organ plays]
[trumpet playing]
[Beatrice hums]
Hoo!
[BoJack exhales]
This is the hard part. [grunts]
Golly.
And now the easy part.
Over and out!
[grunts]
[squelching]
[audience cheering]
Wow. Beatrice Horseman, huh?
You know, she was gonna singfor us tonight,
but apparently, she was a little "horse."
[chuckles]
Okay. You ready for the headliner?
-[audience cheering]-No.
-Please welcome to the stage...-[drumroll]
No. Please.
The star of "Horsin' Around"
and "The BoJack Horseman Show"!"Philbert"! "Secretariat"!
The upcoming "Horny Unicorn"!
Son of Butterscotch and Beatrice!
Husband to no one! Father to none,that we know of! [chuckles]
Stand-up comedian, actor,
crippling alcoholic!
A talented charmerand a stupid piece of shit.
It's... BoJack Horseman!
Is it terrifying?
No. I don't think so.
It's the way it is, you know?
Everything must come to an end,the drip finally stops.
See you on the other side.
Oh, BoJack, no, there is no other side.
This is it.
-[audience applauds, cheers]-Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
-[mic feedback]-I... I need to make a phone call.
[squelching]
-[indistinct chatter]-Hello?
Someone? Anyone?
[pants, yells]
[gasps]
[stammers] I'm looking for a phone.
[screams]
[grunting]
[screams]
Diane! Diane! Are you there?Diane! I need you!
-[Diane] BoJack?-Diane! Thank God!
Thank God, Diane. Okay, Diane.Diane, you're gonna save me, right?
I called youand you're coming to get me?
BoJack, why did you call me?I live in Chicago. I can't save you.
-You didn't pick up.-Right.
-It went to voicemail.-Yeah.
And then... I went back in the pool.
[squelching]
-It's too late. What's done is done.-No.
There's nothing I can do, BoJack.I'm not real. None of this is.
-So, what do I do now?-BoJack, it doesn't matter.
Well, if it doesn't matter,can I stay on the phone with you at least?
Okay.
How was your day?
-Good.-Yeah?
Yeah. My day was good.
[heart monitor blares]
[heart monitor beeping]




Season 6 ep. 16
















-[crickets chirping]-[indistinct chatter]
[heart monitor beeping]
[heart monitor blares]
[rock music playing]
[no audible dialogue]
♪ I'm running through the pagesAnd they start to turn ♪
♪ In love with the life I hadNot the one I've got ♪
♪ Tell me I'm the good guy ♪
♪ I wanna come in first ♪
♪ Here is celebrity at its worst ♪
♪ So why the long face? ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't wanna live here ♪
♪ In this sunny place ♪
♪ Runnin' from my time ♪
♪ So why the long face? ♪
♪ Because I've been losingI really could use you on my side ♪
♪ So why the long face? ♪
♪ So why the long face? ♪
♪ So why the long face? ♪
[bars clinking]
♪ So why the long face? ♪
[alarm buzzes]
[indistinct shouting]
[theme music playing]
Look, nothing's easy.
But I wouldn't be talking to you now
if I didn't believethat it wasn't too late for us.
So what are we doing here?
I don't know about the rest of you,
but I'm here to put on the bestgoddamn production of Hedda Gabler
this supermax prison has ever seen!
So let's take it backto Mrs. Elvsted's entrance,
and remember, if you're on stage,I can see you, you're in character,
you have an opinionabout the return of Ejlert Løvborg.
-[guard clears throat]-Oh, shit, is it 10:30 already?
Okay, look, guys, I gotta go,
but I'll be back tomorrowand we'll pick up rehearsals Monday.
If everyone could be off-book by then,that would be phenomenal.
Schlesinger,if you have time to fashion a shiv
and organize a jump on the ratsin Block C,
you have time to learn your lines, 'kay?
-Priorities.-[alarm buzzes]
[exhales]
-There he is!-[gasps]
Uh-oh! America's most wantedover here, huh?
-Thanks for picking me up.-The jury finds you guilty
of being a super-cool dude, am I right?
You're extremely clever, can we go?
I sentence you to life...filled with my friendship!
If this is my only other option,I choose prison.
So you were just planningon wearing this to the wedding?
Really leaning on that "optional"in black tie optional.
These are the clothes I went in with.
I didn't knowI'd be going to a wedding in a year.
That's why you always gotta packa spare suit, just in case.
-What are you in for again?-Officially, breaking and entering,
but I think it was kind of for everything.
Ah, a little bit of everything.
Like the varied cuisineat your favorite small plate
lazy Susan restaurant, right?
-Pardon?-Do you have a favorite
establishment of that sort?
A favorite small platelazy Susan restaurant? Hell if I know.
BoJack, it means so muchthat you would say that.
I actually am a little hungry.Where could we get lunch around here?
Elefino!
No? Oh, how about the diner?
So, do you spend a lot of timewith them, as a couple?
Well, I see Princess Carolyn a lotat "Birthday Dad" events.
Emmys, Golden Globes,Critic's Choice Awards, Peabody Awards.
The Nobel Prize for Televisionthey created just for our show.
But Judah usually stays home with Ruthie.
-I can't believe she's getting married.-Thought it would be with you, huh?
I thought it would be with nobodybecause I wasted all her best years.
Turns out her best years are now.
Well, joke's on me.I couldn't even waste the right years.
I'm shocked she could get me outfor the weekend.
-When are you getting out for real?-Few months.
Wow. What are you gonna do next?Big plans post-big house?
Big Momma's House reboot?
Reboot of the franchiseBig Momma's House, starring you?
My main goal right nowis just not screwing up this weekend.
You won't screw it up.
I'm sure I'll find a way.
-Mm. [grunts]-[exclaims]
[BoJack groans]
Can you get me another suit?
You think Diane's gonna be there?
Everyone's going to be there.It's the party of the year.
I haven't talked to Diane since, uh...
-What about you? Are you seeing anyone?-Oh, I'm too busy with my show.
Those birthdaysaren't gonna dad themselves!
What is this show?
Besides, I'm really trying to focuson myself right now.
I had this breakthrough recently.
One day, in therapy, I just blurted out,
"Is my problem with womenany movie directed by Christopher Nolan?
Because, yes, women are involved,but it's really never about the women.
It's about me."
-That's actually somewhat astute.-It occurred to me:
Are my self-destructive patternsand unexamined cycles of co-dependency
the popular Jim Carrey character The Mask?
Because "somebody stop me"!
Are all of your breakthroughsphrased like that?
Um, are all of my breakthroughs a Britishprog-rock band from the '70s?
-Because yes.-Ugh!
W-What are we doing here?Is this where the wedding is?
-I just have to make a real quick stop.-At the Griffith Observatory?
-I have a press event.-You took me to a press event?
It was on the way.
Ah! No. What do you... I can't be here.
-It'll take 15 minutes, 20 tops.-[grunts]
Definitely not morethan two and a half hours.
-[groans]-[camera shutters clicking]
[Mr. Peanutbutter] Hello, everybody!
You all know and love meas the titular Birthday Dad.
I've also been known for other roles:Sad Dog, fracking advocate,
finder-outer of whatHollywoo stars and celebrities know
and whether they know things,
but some of you might remember meas the notorious Stealer of the "D"!
[all] Ooh!
Now, to celebrate the successof "Birthday Dad,"
I thought it was timeI gave a birthday present back!
I called up my favorite sign companyand said,
"I wanna give this whole town the 'D'!
'D' for Dad.
'Birthday Dad,' that is!"
[all] Yay!
So, without further a-dad,
let's say goodbyeto the era of Hollywoo forever,
and say hello to...
-Holly... woob?-[all gasping]
Huh?
No, I said "D" as in "Birthday Dad."
No, obviously I meant the "Dad" partof "Birthday Dad,"
I assumed that went without saying.
Look, I gotta go,but the next time I need a sign made
I'm going to strongly considergoing with a different company.
Okay, next stop: wedding!
I'm not ready for this.You gotta take me back to jail.
What? Come on, Shawshank,you're gonna be fine.
No, I can't be around people.I can't face them, I'm not ready.
-What do you think is gonna happen?-I don't know! I never know.
I just know that something badis gonna happen
if I go to that wedding.
How about this? We'll go to the wedding
and if you get thereand you wanna leave, we can leave.
-Yeah?-Yeah.
And if you wanna stay,I'll stay there with you.
I will not leave your side.
-You sure?-Of course.
I'm here for you, buddy. No matter what.
Unless I see my good friend Erica
and get distractedby some noteworthy aspect
of her character or presentation,
but, BoJack,what are the odds that would...
-♪ No more lonely nights ♪-Ugh.
♪ Wishes do come true ♪
Hmm.
Huh.
-BoJack! Thank God I found you!-[grunts] What? What is it?
The fireworks are going to startin ten minutes.
There's no time to explain.
We need to go down to the beachso I can sit on your shoulders!
-What? Why?-I just said there's no time to explain!
Did you go to jailfor being a bad listener?
-Come on, we gotta go!-[stammers] Okay.
-[pops, whistles]-[Todd] Whoa! Ho-oh!
Oh, wow! That's like a 3-D one!
[BoJack] So...
why did we need to be on the beach?
Oh, you just seemedreally overwhelmed at the party.
-I thought you could use some air.-Oh. Thanks.
But then why are you on my shoulders?
So I could geta better view of the fireworks.
-Okay, get down. Oh, okay.-[grunting]
It's good to see you.
How'd you get out of the supermax?
Did a helicopter crashinto the side of the building
and then you just walked out?
What? No. I'm just here for the wedding.I'm going back tomorrow.
Oh, bummer.
No, it's good.I think the routine is good for me.
-I'm staying out of trouble, at least.-Hooray! Staying out of trouble, at least!
I'm trying to set little goals for myself.
Like, in a couple months,I'll beat my record for being sober.
-Nice!-Yeah, so that's...
that's something to aim for,but then, uh, after that, um...
After that, you'll beat your record again.
Every day, you'll set a new record.
Sure. But it's easy now. In jail.
I don't have tomake any choices for myself.
I worry about what's gonna happenwhen I get out.
-What if I relapse again?-Then you'll get sober again.
-[groans]-Let me tell you something.
I was at the office the other day,
doing the "Hokey Pokey"with some work associates...
-Uh-huh.-...and I realized
everyone misunderstands that song.
"The Hokey Pokey"?
Yeah, there's way too much emphasison the "hokey pokey" part.
That is what it's all about.
No. That's exactly what I mean.
-That's not what the song is saying.-Okay.
And I was thinking about my mom,you know, my relationship with my mom.
It's weird. You know, awkward.
I feel like she doesn't really get me,but, you know, she's trying.
And a couple years ago,
I never thought I would haveany kind of relationship with her.
Like, I was sure of it.
What changed?
I don't know. I did? Or-- Or she did?
Or, um, we... are?
-Huh.-So, that's what I'm talking about.
It's like the song says.
"You do the hokey pokeyand you turn yourself around."
You turn yourself around.That's what it's all about.
Yeah, I don't know if the songwritersput that much thought
into the existential significanceof the lyrics.
They literally rhyme "about" with "about."
But isn't the point of artless what people put into it
and more what people get out of it?
-Is that the point of art?-Maybe.
Or maybe art doesn't need a point.Maybe that's why it's called art.
I can't tellif you're being smart or stupid.
Oh, I never know.
I think you had it for a momentand then you lost it.
[chuckles]
Oh, well!It was nice while it lasted, right?
Sure. It was nice while it lasted.
[fireworks popping, whistling]
[upbeat music playing]
Ugh!
Huh! Not bad.
Hey, there he is!
Oh, my God,that was an incredible wedding.
Yeah? It wasn't too much
with the fireworks,and the cirque performers,
and the procession of exotic peafowl?
No, you produced the hell out of it.
What'd you think about the partwhere the priest got murdered
and Judah had to figure outwhich bridesmaid was the culprit?
A little outside the box,as far as weddings go,
but it worked in context.
I thought so, too!
Congratulations.And Judah, too. Where is he?
I think he's going over some contracts.
We're putting togetheran all-female reboot
of 12 Angry Men.
It's called "11 Angry Women."
-Not 12?-You gotta leave room for a sequel.
So your groom is doing paperworkduring his own wedding reception?
Oh, we had our real wedding a week ago.This one's just for the industry.
-What?-I invited the town's top talent,
took away their phones,and shuffled them together.
Give 'em some booze, get 'em chatty,
next day, they're calling me,
"Hey, could you put me in touchwith so-and-so?"
-Boom! I've attached myself as a producer!-Does that really work?
Hey, Jennifer Jason Leigh!Have you met regular Jason Lee?
You're my two favorite Jason Lees.Discuss.
Well, I am offended I wasn'timportant enough for your real wedding,
but I'm flattered I'm important enoughfor your industry one.
Are you kidding?"Horny Unicorn" is tracking huge.
-What?-All of Hollywoob
is buzzing about your comeback.
No. Did you say "Hollywoob"?
If this movie does what it's supposed to,
the district attorney's not the only onewho's gonna wanna lock you into something.
I'm not sureI should take on more projects.
I started this drama program at prisonand we're doing Hedda Gabler.
I mean, it's not Strindberg,but, you know, we're having a good time.
I thought that maybe when I got out,I could go back and volunteer.
Oh! Well, that sounds fabulous!
Yeah, but... [stammers] I didn't eventhink that I'd have other options.
A year ago,everyone in this town hated me.
People have short memories.
It's the best and worst thingabout people.
Well, maybe there's a way I could do both?
-I've really enjoyed teaching.-Oh! Oh.
Maybe I could direct something?
-I'm sorry I said anything. I---Well, I mean, hold on.
Yeah, I shouldn'tjust jump into something,
but if there's a good opportunity,I'd be stupid not to take it, right?
I mean, we both know how hard it isto get heat in this town.
Think it over.I'm sure you'll make the right decision.
Well, a decision.
[soft music playing]
-Hey, you wanna dance?-Yeah.
-What?-Oh! Aw.
[both chuckle]
You know, I had this weird ideawhen I heard you were getting married
that I'd get hereand there'd be some disaster,
and I knew that either I would cause itor, just maybe,
I would be the only one who could fix it.
A disaster, huh?
Not like a "disaster" disaster,like a sitcom disaster, you know?
Like, it would be time for the weddingand no one would know where to find you.
-No one but you, right?-Yeah.
And I'd find you in some special spotand I'd say, "Come on, it's time to go."
And you'd say,"What am I doing, BoJack?"
[chuckles] And then what,I'd run off with you?
No, I would talk youinto going through with it,
and it would be like a symbolof how much I'd grown,
that I could let you go.
I'm sorry to disappoint you.
No, I mean, I'm happy for you.
Just... it's a better storyif you had cold feet.
It's a better story for you.I think I like it better this way.
I guess you're right.
What would you have said to me?
Oh, I don't know. I would have said, uh,
-"Come on, man. Do it."-[chuckles] Oh, wow.
No, no, no. I would-- Okay. Hold on.Tell me what you're afraid of.
In this make-believe scenariothat you came up with?
-Yeah.-Okay.
Well, I guess I'm afraidof losing some part of myself.
I'm afraid that if I let someone elsetake care of me
that I'm not really me anymore.
I'm afraid of getting too comfortable,you know, going soft.
I'm afraid that this could bethe best thing that ever happened to me
and if it doesn't make meas happy as I'm supposed to be,
that means I'm a lost cause.
-Holy shit.-What?
I don't know,those are some really good arguments.
-Are you kidding me?!-Okay, okay, look.
Yes, all those things could be true,but on the other hand,
what if you deserve to be happy
and this is a thingthat will make you happy?
And maybe don't worryabout whether you'll be happy later
and just focuson how you're happy right now?
-Oh, is it that easy?-No.
But you're here because, at some point,
Princess Carolyn thoughtthis was a good idea.
And I think we oughta listen to her.
Because she's the smartest woman I know.
That's true. She is.
So, what do you think?Are you gonna marry him?
Well, I already got the dress.
But you didn't need meto say any of that, did you?
I guess I didn't.
Hey, if I do decideto get back into the business
when I get out of prison...
I mean, I probably won't, but if I do,
I'm gonna need representation.
Someone who can look out for me,help me make the right decisions,
keep me out of trouble...
I can recommend some excellent people.
[sighs]
[muffled music playing]
[inhales, exhales]
Hey.
-Thought I might find you here.-I'm trying to quit.
Yeah, you look likeyou're trying really hard.
Don't be shitty.
I haven't seen you in a while.You doing okay?
Yeah, I'm doing okay.
-I mean, you know, okay.-Sure.
I'm workingon this middle-grade fiction series.
[chuckles] I mean, who am I, Rick Riordan?
Who's Rick Riordan?
Yeah, good point.What have you been up to?
Well, let's see, um,I've been getting into podcasts,
went through a Sudoku phase, and, uh,
-oh, I'm in prison, so...-Right. That's still happening?
Oh, it's very much happening.I've also got a new movie coming out.
Oh, yeah, with Vance Waggoner, right?
I know what you're thinking, but he's--
You don't need to explain yourself to me.
I know you thinkI'm some kind of a sell-out,
but it wasn't like other opportunitieswere banging down my door...
-I'm not arguing with you.-Because of "Horny Unicorn"--
I'm not going to help you work throughwhatever you're trying to work through.
I just came out here to smoke.You came to me.
-Because I wanted to talk to you.-About what? "The Horny Unicorn"?
No, about-- I don't know.
I just wanted to talk to you.[stammers] I miss talking to you.
[cigarette sizzles]
I wish I had my phone right now.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
I never know what to dowith my hands at parties.
No, I wish I had my phone
so I could play youthe last voicemail you left me.
Did you remember that,that you left me a voicemail?
[inhales] Ooh.
I thought you were sober.You told me you were sober.
And things were good in my lifeand I was thinking about my future,
and then I woke up one morningand I had this voicemail.
Look, I-I wasn't in the--
You were happy on the voicemail.You sounded happy.
Or lightly sardonic, or glibly nihilistic,
or however you'd describethat thing you get
that's the closest to the emotionnormal people call happy.
-I'm sorry---And you were clearly intoxicated,
and you were talking about swimming."I'm going swimming," you said.
"Since nothing matters anyway,and nobody cares about me,
-I might as well go swimming, right?"-I'm so sorry.
"Call me backif you don't want me to go swimming.
Otherwise, I'm just gonna assumeyou don't care."
I thought you were dead.
For seven hours,I couldn't get in touch with anyone
and I was sure you were dead,
and it was my fault for leaving you,for feeling good, for not worrying.
When I left for Chicago,you promised me you were gonna be okay,
but I made you promise me that.
-Was I selfish for believing you?-No.
Why did you call me?You knew I was in Chicago.
I don't know. I was drunkand-- and I was high.
And I just... I wanted to talk to you.
When I found out you weren't dead,I was angry.
I was relieved, but I was also angrythat I'd given you that power over me.
I was angry at you for a really long time.
Are you still angry at me?
No. I don't know.What good has being angry at you
-ever done for me?-I'm sorry.
I wish I could have beenthe person you thought I was,
-the person who would save you.-That was never your job.
Then why did you always make mefeel like it was?
I don't know, maybe it's everybody's jobto save each other.
I don't know.
Anyway, I'm glad you're alive.
I am, too.
So, you're still in Chicago, then, or...?
When I got that voicemail,
my boyfriend at the timewanted me to move to Houston with him.
I wanted to move with him.
But after you called, I got scared.
-Oh, no.-I didn't trust myself.
I was happy and I didn't trust that.So I stayed in Chicago.
We tried to make it work long distance,but it was hard.
Eventually, I just thought,"This is stupid."
So, what, you broke up with him?
No. I moved to Houston.
To be with your boyfriend at the time?
Yeah. Plus, the winters in Chicagoare cold as shit,
I don't know why anyonewould build a city there.
No wonder that cow started that fire.
I get it. I'm on Team Cow.
But your boyfriend at the time,he's not your boyfriend anymore?
He is not.
-Wow.-Yeah.
How'd you learn how to trust it?The happiness?
I didn't. But I trust him.
It's hard to imagine you in Houston.
Oh, I'm likea totally different person now.
-Are you?-No?
Yes? I wear fewer jackets.I smile more.
Sometimes I look back at my LA years,and I think, "Who was that person?"
Does she ever come back, that Diane?
Sometimes.
I felt her when I got back to LA.
I feel her now that I'm talking to you.
But it's not you?
I mean, it's all me.
I'd love to say,"No, she's gone forever."
But I was terrifiedof coming back here for the wedding.
-Seeing Mr. Peanutbutter. Seeing you.-What'd you think was gonna happen?
I don't know, I would spin out,start questioning everything,
blow everything up.
But that didn't happen, did it?
No. That didn't happen.
But was part of youkinda hoping that it would?
Mm.
You ever miss the mess?
No, "miss" is the wrong word.
Sorry, Miss.
I'm glad I lived in LA,but I'm not nostalgic for it.
I'm glad I knew Mr. Peanutbutter,
-even though he's not in my life anymore.-Yeah?
I think there are people that help youbecome the person that you end up being,
and you can be grateful for them
even if they were nevermeant to be in your life forever.
I'm glad I knew you, too.
"Knew," huh?
Mm.
Hey, wouldn't it be funny
if this night was the last timewe ever talked to each other?
-Um, anyway, I---I need to tell you...
No. You don't have to--You don't owe me anything.
No, I need to tell you: Thank you.
And it's going to be okay.
And I'm sorry.
And... [softly] thank you.
-Wait.-Why?
I know. I know.But can I just tell you a funny story?
Sure.
But it better be very funny.
I don't wanna lie to you,it's only kind of funny.
So we have this movie nightat the prison, right?
And we get to voteon what movies we wanna see.
But of course the whole thing's rigged,
because Big Andy's favorite movieis The Family Stone,
so Big Andy gets his guysto vote for it every week,
and so every weekwe watch The Family Stone.
Hold on, whose favorite movieis The Family Stone?
I mean, yeah, it's a fine movie...
-But every week?-That's what I'm saying!
So, one day I'm like, "If I seeLuke Wilson teach Sarah Jessica Parker
how to let her freak flag flyone more time, I'm gonna snap."
I don't understand,is movie night mandatory?
-No.-So why don't you just not go?
What am I, a philistine?I support the arts, sue me.
Okay, sorry.
But I know a guywho volunteers in the library,
which is where they keep the DVDs,so I make a deal with him.
"I'll give you my Jell-O for a monthif The Family Stone goes missing."
I feel like this doesn't end well.
So, movie might comes around,time for another Christmas in Connecticut,
but then, uh-oh, the DVD's gone,what do we do?
So Big Andy's getting really upset,and his guys are all riled,
and then I go, "Fellas, fellas, fellas!
Why don't we watchPieces of April this week?
Change of pace.Patricia Clarkson's in it and..."
And?
-Prison riot.-Oh, shit, really?
No. Worse. Big Andy falls in love with Pieces of April,
so now we watch Pieces of April every week.
You kind of made your own bed on that one.
Story of my life.
I'm sorry, that sounds awful.
Yeah, well, what are you gonna do?Life's a bitch and then you die, right?
Sometimes.
Sometimes life's a bitch and then you keep living.
Yeah.
But it's a nice night, huh?
Yeah.
This is nice.




