" Well, good morning to you too."
 Where? I'd love hay.
" It is good to be here, Charlie. Sorry I was late. The traffic-"
 I parked in a handicapped spot. I hope that's okay.
" I'm sorry, disabled spot. Is that the proper nomenclature?"
" No, I don't think I should drive right now. I'm incredibly drunk."
" Is it just me, or am I nailing this interview? I kind of feel like I'm nailing it."
" Charlie, listen, you know, I know that it's very hip these days to shit all over Horsin' Around, but at the time, I can tell you - Is it okay to say ""shit""? -"
" 'Cause I I think the show's actually pretty solid for what it is. It's not Ibsen, sure, but look, for a lot of people, life is just one long, hard kick in the urethra, and sometimes when you get home from a long day of getting kicked in the urethra, you just want to watch a show about good, likable people who love each other, where, you know, no matter what happens, at the end of 30 minutes, everything's gonna turn out okay. You know, because in real life Did I already say the thing about the urethra?"
" That's a great question, Charlie. I, uh Uh, I Um"
" First of all, we're not roommates. You are my houseguest."
" You sleep on my couch, and you don't pay rent. I've had tapeworms that were less parasitic. I don't even remember why I let you stay with me in the first place."
" You told me they didn't approve of your ""alternative lifestyle. I thought you were, like, a troubled gay teen or something. I didn't realize by ""alternative lifestyle"" that you meant you were lazy."
 That's unfortunate.
" I know, and I'm sorry, but I am making great progress."
 BoJack Horseman
 Aren't you an editor at a major publishing house?
" I thought I saw someone reading one in the park the other day, but it turned out it was a takeout menu."
 That's actually a lot of pressure.
" Ugh, no, thank you. Look, just give me one more week, and I will give you some pages that'll knock your ass back to the South Pole."
" Yes, one week. I'm telling you, this book is a top priority for me."
" Oh, right. Yeesh."
" ""Neigh way, Jose."" I improvised that line. I mean, it was written, but I gave it the old BoJack spin."
" Yeah, but do you get it, though? Because ""nay"" means no, but it's also a thing that horses say. It works on every level."
" Ah, you don't get it."
" Todd, I weigh over 1,200 pounds. It takes a lot of beer to get me drunk. Yes."
" Hey, check out the rug on that guy."
 Who does he think he's fooling? Turtles don't have hair.
" You know, I am not crazy about the bread here. Mm. Why do I keep eating it?"
 You have my undivided attention.
 Were we not seeing other people?
 Wait. Shh! Shut up.
" Oh! God, that's good comedy."
" What? Everyone gets a mulligan, and my mulligan was Carey Mulligan. I'm kidding, jeez. It was Emily Mortimer."
 What is the problem here? Are you embarrassed of me because I'm a has-been? Because you know that I'm writing that book that is gonna make everybody love me again.
" Well, I already spent my advance, so that's a first step."
" Whoa, what? I never explicitly said that."
 What actions?
" What? What? What? No, no, wha "
" No, no, no. Misunderstanding, officer. I was running away from my girlfriend whom I don't respect enough to have a baby with."
 I'm not afraid of commitment. I commit to things all the time. It's the following through on that commitment that I take issue with.
" Peanutbutter? God, I hope he doesn't see us."
" Oh, jeez, here we go."
" You know, that gets funnier every time."
 We're actually in the middle of breaking up right now... so if you could just
" Yeah, that's right."
" Yes, actually, it's very awkward. Is that not clear?"
" Yes, please leave."
 Why are you making conversation?
 But am I crazy that this is a bad time?
 What?
 So it's not because of the thing with the baby?
 We haven't even ordered yet.
 Let me see that. $10 for bread?
 I don't want to live in a society where the pre-meal bread isn't free.
" Yeah, but I didn't even eat that much bread. What did I have? I must have had-"
" Nine really? Great, now I'm gonna feel like a fat ass all week."
 You've seen me naked. Do you think I'm getting chubby?
 What was that? Sorry. Couldn't hear you over the sound of my calories not metabolizing.
" No, that is definitely not happening."
 You think I'm fat.
" So yeah, technically I was dumped, but the real headline of the evening was, ""Dumb guy eats bread, gets fat, the end."""
 Wasn't there a pizza here a second ago? God damn it! Stop the presses.
" No, it won't. It'll cheer you up."
 I'll stand in the corner by myself eating cotton candy until I barf like I did at your last party.
 Who told you Princess Carolyn and I broke up?
 What?
" Oh, everything's my fault."
" Okay, jeez. But I'm not looking for parking in Silver Lake. I'll slow the car down to a crawl, and you can duck and roll."
" Uh, okay."
" Oh, my God, we just broke up."
" Great. Then, as my agent, do you think I'm getting fat?"
 What about as my ex-girlfriend?
" Wait, wait, so which pile of crap do I look like?"
 What? That's the worst one.
" I told you, that's not what was happening that time. I was masturbating to what the picture represented. You walked in at the worst possible moment!"
" Yes, fine!"
" Hey, you got the electricity back. Good for you."
" Uh, no."
" Actually, I am a busy guy. I live a very active lifestyle."
" Little Sabrina grew up right before our eyes, right, Todd? Todd? Todd!"
 Did Sabrina grow up before our eyes?
 Diane Nugent?
" Hey, Secretariat. You know, I always wanted to play Secretariat in a movie. He's kind of my personal hero. Could never get the project off the ground, though. I mean, there was this one time I came close in the '90s, but then those pre-Fontaine movies came out and people got tired of seeing him running on-screen."
 She's cute.
" Oh, God, I'm a failure."
 Why did I say I could write a book?
" Relax? Easy for you to say, you hippie. You've never had a day of stress in your life."
" Who? We were talking about me. Can you try to focus for, like, a second?"
 Never should have signed this book deal. You know what my problem is? I can't say no to people because I want everyone to like me.
" Yeah, why? Do people not like me?"
" I can see the headline now, ""Stupid BoJack writes a stupid book about his stupid life, nobody cares."""
" Better question, why are you in my kitchen?"
" Ugh, I really got to start putting my phone on airplane mode when I drink."
" This lady probably thinks I'm just some dumb sitcom actor. I hate her and her stupid, impossible-to-pronounce last name, Na-goo-ya-go-goo-goo-goo-ga."
 What party? Why are you so obsessed with throwing a party all of a sudden?
 This book is really important to me. I don't want to just hand it off to some stranger.
" It's too much pressure. This book is my one shot at preserving my legacy. I'm a joke, and if this book isn't good, I'm gonna be a joke forever. Everyone thinks that I'm just this washed-up hack, but actually Oh, God, actually, what if they're right? I can't breathe. Am I dying? Toast. I smell burning toast!"
" Todd, on my grave, I want it to say that I was born in 1975."
" Damn it, can't you respect a dying man's wish?"
 We might have gone too dark on that series finale.
 Linus walked around with a blanket. No one gave him shit for it.
 You have other clients?
 Are your other clients more talented than I am? Your silence speaks volumes.
" Jesus, if that's mild, I don't want to know what spicy feels like. Too smart for the room? It was a salsa joke, people."
" I can try, doctor. I can try."
" What, you want me to call this woman on the phone? "
" And Entertainment Weekly said I wasn't consistent. Really, not even a pity laugh? I did almost die."
 You have other patients?
" Okay, fine. We'll have a party."
 But we're not getting a cotton candy machine. I can't control myself around those things.
" Todd, who was that guy? Who are all these people?"
 Is this a Quinceanera?
 I find that pinata offensive.
" Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter."
" Well, I've been kind of up and -"
" Yes. Oh, I'm I'm sorry, I don't want to mispronounce your name."
" Oh, Diane."
 Have you tried alcohol?
 What guy?
" Oh, okay, yeah."
" Yeah, well, if you're gonna throw away most of your adult life on some dumb sitcom, you might as well get a sweet house out of the deal, right?"
" Well, mostly I just sit around the house and complain about things."
" I can't complain, so you know."
" Ugh, you know who that is?"
" Yeah, he was on that show Mr. Peanutbutter's House about that dog who adopted the three human kids. What a dumb idea for a TV show."
 He's so stupid he doesn't realize how miserable he should be. I envy that.
" Do I know his story? If I recall correctly, he was bringing up three boys of his own."
" They were four men living all together, but they were all alone. That is profoundly sad."
" That's not all that was beneath him. Gay joke. Sorry, I'm better than that."
" Good Lord, that's depressing."
 I'm responsible for my own happiness? I can't even be responsible for my own breakfast.
 Todd! I need help.
" Well, finishing my memoir, I guess."
" Yeah? I mean, would you even want to? You'd have to spend a lot of time with me. You'd probably get sick of me."
 No?
" Okay. Well, then I guess you're hired, but don't put all that stuff about how sad I am in the book."
" Yeah, exactly. You're only my ghostwriter starting nah - Starting now."
" Ugh, this guy."
" Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a second. You drank all my beer? Also, you two are dating?"
 You're dating him?
 This is your boyfriend?
 You are going out with you?
" But in a sexual way, not just as friends?"
 You have seen her naked.
 You are attracted to this?
 This penis has been inside this vagina.
 But in a sexual way.
" Ugh. Oh, my God."
 I'm just...I'm fine. I'm just I'm really happy for you. 
" No, everything's Oh, this is really Wonderful. Oh, God. Starting now."
 When.
" I told you, I don't know where it is. Don't put things in my butt if you want them back."
" Thanks, Laura."
" Yeah, some agent, you couldn't even get me in the room for War Horse. There were, like, ten horses in that movie. I didn't need to be the warhorse."
 Is she gonna ask me a bunch of personal questions?
" Okay, all right, there's no need to get—"
" I was not gonna say ""catty."""
 I was gonna say catty because you're a cat.
" Laura, I know you're listening. You got it, right?"
 She got it.
" Excuse me, I just wanted you to know that you ruined someone else's night tonight, and I hope you have enough decency to at least feel a little bit crappy about it."
" I was actually already in a bad mood, but I thought maybe for one night, I could go out to a bar and try to forget about myself, but now because of you and your friends, I feel more self-conscious than ever."
" Because I didn't think of that, and now I feel stupid."
" No! Maybe because you're skinny and maybe 'cause you're pretty, you're used to getting away with things, but I want you to know that your actions have an effect on others,and I hate you, and you are a horrible person, and you not understanding that you're a horrible person doesn't make you less of a horrible person."
" Well, that was another in a long series of regrettable life choices."
 Ah! Why are you here?
" Yeah, but why are you still here?"
 That better not be my last Toaster Strudel.
" Well, get out of here. My memoirist is gonna show up soon, and I don't need you— What's your name?"
 I don't need you Pamm-ing up the place when she gets here.
 Ah! Why are you here?
 That doesn't sound like me.
" That does sound like me. Well, anyway, this is my—business-person—"
 Here to help me with some business needs. All very above board.
" No need to mention her in the book either, unless it's a business book."
 Why are you here?
" That is neither funny, nor a story, nor a reason for you to drop by."
" Yeah, if it's 2003."
" Okay, who's jelly?"
" You may have too forgiving a definition of the word ""wordplay."""
" Well, it could be working harder, and that's wordplay. How'd you even get in here?"
" And that is the last of the Toaster Strudels, and now my morning is ruined."
" Okay, I'm gonna go get breakfast, and when I get back, I want everyone out of my house except for —you and you and—Who are you again?"
 Right. You definitely should have already been gone.
" Yes, I am BoJack Horseman, star of Horsin' Around."
" I'm sorry, I—I don't understand. Did you bring them into the store with you or?"
 Really? You had dibs?
" Look, I don't even want the muffins. I was just looking at them, but I got to say, if you put muffins down, they're not your muffins."
 You didn't even put the muffins in a cart. You just left them out here.
" Look, I don't want to get into a whole thing here."
"No, 'cause maybe now I want the muffins."
" Pseudo?! Would you say that to Eric McCormack? Look, I've had a rough morning, so I don't need—"
" Sorry, wasn't listening. See ya'."
" Oh, really? I'm gonna regret buying muffins? What, have they got a lot of saturated fat in them? Oh, man, they do have a lot of saturated fat. Why'd I buy these?"
" Man, I really regret buying those muffins and then eating them all on the drive home."
" I specifically didn't ask, and I'll thank you to respect my total lack of interest in your personal life."
 Still not interested.
 What's your hurry?
" Okay, let's get to work."
 Normal.
" Yeah, it was, uh, normal—normal childhood stuff."
" Mommy, can I have an omelet?"
" Normal childhood, and then just get right into the big, famous part."
" I am ready to talk. Why wouldn't I want to talk about my parents? They're so normal. That's crazy. You sound like a crazy person, not me. Stop being so crazy, crazy. Why are you calling me crazy?"
" Hold on, I got to take this. Hello?"
" Great, put her on."
" Great question. Well, I didn't fall down on my remote, randomly changing the channel to MSNBSea while simultaneously crippling myself, thus physically forcing me to watch MSNBSea, so no. No, I'm not watching MSNBSea right now."
" Ooh! Good things, I hope."
" Hey, I met this guy."
" Oh, not the sneezing pic—Why do they always use the sneezing picture?!"
 I didn't know he was a Navy Seal. I just thought he was the regular kind of seal.
" You didn't even have dibs, you stupid sea cow. You guys think I should call in and set the record straight?"
" Sorry, stopped listening. You were ramping up to a ""yes,"" right?"
" Okay, enough about America's heroes. Can we talk about dibs? Because he didn't even really have dibs. If he had legitimate dibs—"
 You left them totally out in the open. That's hiding? How did you survive in Afghanistan?
" Hey, guess what, I can't give them back 'cause I ate them all, okay?"
" Yeah, I ate them all in one sitting because I have no self-control and I hate myself. Is that what you want to hear?"
" Yeah, there were exactly twelve! I ate twelve muffins, and I didn't even want one! There's your goddamn news story, the mystery of my missing goddamn self-respect! How'd I come off?"
 It's not even about the muffins. Everyone is just out to get me because I'm famous and so well-adjusted.
 You go on the roof?
" No, it's adorable."
" Happy Father's Day, Daddy."
 It's a heart.
 I tried my best.
" Um, the canal?"
 Uneventful.
 What?
" You know what, this is a really good conversation, and I definitely want to keep having it, but I just keep thinking about the muffins thing, so maybe we could put a pin in this thorough deconstruction of my past, so I can put that other thing to bed before it spirals out of con"
 Your dibs were void!
" Really, you, specifically, made America safer?"
" I don't agree to that. Maybe some of the troops are heroes but not automatically. I'm sure a lot of the troops are jerks. Most people are jerks already, and it's not like giving a jerk a gun and telling him it's okay to kill people suddenly turns that jerk into a hero. [Beat] What?"
" Oh, you took that the bad way, didn't you?"
" ""I'm sure a lot of the troops are jerks."" No, no, no."
" Oh, God. ""Most people are jerks already, and it's not like giving a jerk a gun—"""
 Hello?
" Great, put her on."
 You called me.
 Ugh. 
 Ah!
" I don't hate the troops. I just hate one specific troop. I don't even hate him, really. I just think that he's wrong about the muffins."
 I'm not stubborn. I'm proud.
" No, it's an important distinction."
 So where are we going?
" Yeah, great, just get me away from the cameras."
 Do we really need to be filming this?
" Yeah, gold doesn't strike."
" Okay. Well, I—"
 I'd like to—
" I want to fix this as quickly as possible. I don't care who was right about the muffins anymore, even though I was definitely right. I just want my privacy back, so I can finish writing my tell-all memoir, so everyone will pay attention to me again."
 But I ate the muffins.
" Oh, you were saving those? I ate those too."
 So where are we gonna do this? Do I have to go on MSNBSea?
 You can't call a show Peanutbutter and Jelly -- if there's no jelly.
 It's not a pun if it only works one way.
" Yes, this is all very authentic and natural."
" Oh, yeah, Todd? What the hell is this?"
 I'm sorry?
" Uh, Neal, as a token of my admiration, please accept this—bag of stale hamburger buns."
" Yes, hamburger buns. It's a—symbol for how we throw our veterans in the trash, sadly, far too often."
" We send our muffins overseas, and they come back as stale hamburger buns, but that doesn't mean we should love them any less, because in their own way, aren't stale hamburger buns just as good? Mmm. American made."
" Well, I don't know if I—"
" You're a hero. The troops are all heroes, every single one."
 And I don't believe saying that cheapens the word and actually disrespects those we mean to honor by turning real people into political pawns.
" Also, I am not deeply ambivalent about a seemingly mandated celebration of our military by a nation that claims to value peace telling our children that violence is never the answer while refusing to hold our own government to the same standard."
" Furthermore, I do not find it unbelievably appropriate that this conversation is taking place on reality television, a genre which thrives on chopping the complexities of our era into easily digestible chunks of empty catchphrases."
" And finally, I don't—"
" Uh, actually, I had another point I wanted to make."
 Unbelievable.
 You want a day-old hamburger bun?
 You know what the problem is with everybody? They all just want to hear what they already believe. No one ever wants to hear the truth.
 What do you mean?
 I do.
" What, you think I can't open up?"
" Okay, from now on, full truth, warts, and all. You're not gonna make me look like an asshole, are you?"
" Okay, full truth, here we go. You want to know about my parents? They drank, a lot. My father was a failed novelist. My mother was the heiress to the Sugarman Sugar Cubes fortune, and my dad resented her for it. He used to make me cry with him while listening to Cole Porter records. He made me build my own treehouse, and then he tore it down while I was at summer camp because instead of hearty, Christian nails, I used screws, which he called"
" What? I'll be in my trailer. Nah, I'm just horsin' around. You folks enjoying the show? And how about Sarah Lynn as Sabrina? Isn't she wonderful?"
 Sarah Lynn. You remember that name.
" Hey, you see those people?"
" Well, those boobs and jerk wads are the best friends you'll ever have. Without them, you're nothing. Remember that."
" Your family will never understand you, your lovers will leave you or try to change you, but your fans, you be good to them, and they'll be good to you."
" The most important thing is, you got to give the people what they want, even if it kills you, even if it empties you out until there's nothing left to empty. No matter what happens, no matter how much it hurts, you don't stop dancing, and you don't stop smiling, and you give those people what they want."
 Who could that be?
 Why are you talking to me?
 Like what?
" Oh, great, for ten grand, I can sleep like a hobo."
" Ugh. Yeah, it's me, straight off your TV screens and into your shitty lives."
 Huh? What the?
" Um, hi. Sarah Lynn, hi."
" Um, are those candy pills, 'cause if so, that is a lot of sugar."
 And then she took a dump on a sofa made out of a reclaimed propeller.
" I checked her into Promises. 28 days, she'll be good as new."
 It was tough. I would have liked to reconnect with her. At least we got to bond a little on the drive to Malibu.
" Beautiful day for a drive, though, huh?"
 People don't usually want to hang out with me after rehab. I'm really more of a before-rehab friend. I think it's gonna be a long time before I see Sarah Lynn again. (door bells) Who could that be?
" Oh, great, well, that's a relief. Uh, should you be taking all those pills?"
 Your doctor or just A doctor?
" Yeah, I don't think that was"
" Uh, are you supposed to be snorting it like that?"
" Okay, so before we put to bed the whole you going to rehab thing -"
" Sarah Lynn, I hear what you're saying, and I think I know what you need. You just need a strong, responsible adult to say"
 Who-o-o wants chocolate chip pancakes?
" Morning, sleepy-pooh, you want pancakes?"
" Ooh, tough break, champ. I just gave the last one to Sarah Lynn. Early bird gets the worm."
" Wha? ""Early turd gets the sperm,"" nice one, Sarah Lynn. You should do a Shouts and Murmurs. Help yourself to some cold wheat bran, sport."
 The guest room is yours as long as you want.
 You'll get the guest room when you've earned the guest room.
" Honey, do you really think going to the mall's a good idea? I seem to recall another time you went shopping when things got pretty out of control."
" She said drop it, Todd!"
" Muffin, I've got to work on my book today, and I can't have a bunch of folks over making a lot of noise."
" No, no, no, no, no. Sweetheart. Sweetheart."
" Honey, of course your friends are always welcome here."
 No.
 She has nowhere else to turn. She broke up with her boyfriend. She stabbed herself and closed the wound with duct tape. She fired her agent..
" Uh, hello? Still there?"
" Look, I asked her to turn it down, but apparently, this volume was prescribed by Dr.Who to treat something called ""uptight dickhead disease."" What do you.. What do you think about Sarah Lynn?"
" Uh, what?"
 That's my same worry.
 Obviously.
 So deep.
" Okay, well, that is very interesting, but I was more asking, like,what do you think about her living here?"
" It was very good, very professional."
" Oh, it's no problem."
" All right, take it sleazy, everybody."
" I don't know. I'll probably just go to the amusement park, maybe the circus, fly a kite on the beach, watch the sunset, then I'll head back to my place to watch any number of Disney princess movies while eating ice cream straight from the tub."
" Yeah, like I want to spend my weekend hanging out with a little girl. Good one! You should write for the Shouts and Murmurs. See you Monday!"
 Why does that matter?
" No, Diane, I'm just helping out a friend. I'm not trying to play out some weird, sick dad fantasy, or resolve a deep guilt for past neglect, or even try to retroactively fix my own childhood by recreating someone else's, and I'm especially not doing all those things at once!"
 What happened? Did somebody hurt my precious baby? Sarah Lynn! Ah! What the?
" No, that's not cool."
 I always loved that catch phrase. Can your friends at least take the artwork off the wall first?
" Okay, good talk."
" Todd, how many times have we been over this? You don't have the authority to call house meetings. Only I can call a house meeting. You can propose a house meeting."
 Your proposal has been submitted and is under board review. Proposal denied.
 What? No she's not. We have a special relationship. You couldn't possibly understand.
" Look, I played a dad for nine years on TV, so I think I know a little bit more about parenting than you two jokers. The kids on Horsin' Around didn't need boundaries. All they needed was some good, old-fashioned love."
" Some good, old-fashioned love, and I'm gonna give it to her. I'm gonna give it to her so .. hard."
" Hey, Sarah Lynn, what say we spend the day together, just you and me, away from all the haters?"
" Great, let's go."
" You know, Sarah Lynn, I got a feeling everything's gonna be okay."
 What? Herb Kazaz has cancer?
" Well, that's horrible. Why would you tell me that now?"
" No, Herb and I aren't on the best.. Look, I'm trying to have a moment here. I can't.. Hey, I want to give you something."
" It's the most prestigious award I ever won. I always thought if I ever had kids of my own, I'd give it to them one day. I want you to have it."
" Shh. Just let the credits roll, let the credits roll. Sha-na-na-na-na-na—Special moment—Exec Producer Garry Marshall Na-na-na Such a happy day. ""Sit, Ubu, sit."" Good dog. Arf."""
" Yeah, okay, we're done."
 Hello?
" What? Wait, why were you at a pawnshop?"
 Sarah Lynn!
" Okay, party's over. Everybody out. Not you. You are in big trouble, young lady. I can't believe you pawned my award."
" Look, things have been tough for you, and I understand that. I know what you're going through right now."
" Hey, now."
 That is gross.
 You are way out of line!
" I'm not your dad, and you're not my child. We're just a man and a lady living in a house together, and we're both adults, and we're both a little drunk."
 Who-o-o lit my ottoman on fire?
" Yeah, you are bad, very bad!"
 Your boob is a very—impractical way to put out a fire.
 I think you have a serious drug problem.
" Um, I think it was a little longer than two minutes. It was longer than two minutes."
" Oh, you mean from a P.R. standpoint? Yeah, 'cause if this got out, oh, I would get flayed!"
 I know. I know. She's taking advantage of me.
" Hey, we both have substance abuse problems and daddy issues."
" Sarah Lynn, get your coat. I'm taking you to rehab."
" No, it's not all right."
" This place isn't good for you. You need to go where you can get help, real help."
 These pages are shit. You understand? Shit. I wouldn't wipe my ass with these pages. It would defeat the whole purpose of wiping my ass.
" Uh-huh. You get me points on the back end? Well, I told you I'm not gonna do it unless I get points. Oh, they can't find any? Well, maybe they could suck some out of my dick!"
 I'm on the phone. You're being very rude.
" Sarah Lynn, this is for your own good. You can't stay here anymore."
" Uh, well, you should not do that."
 Wh—What?
" I really blew it, didn't I?"
 So what you're saying is
" Yeah. I like that. I didn't do anything wrong because I can't do anything wrong because we're all just products of our environment, bouncing around like marbles in the game of Hungry Hungry Hippos that is our random and cruel universe."
" Yeah, It's not my fault. It's society. Everything is because of society!"
 Hooray! Everything is meaningless! Nothing I do has consequence!
" And he says.. he says, ""Why the long face?"" And I say, ""Hey, buddy, I can't help it."" You get that? Long face. Horses have long faces. I am a horse, my face is long. You get it, right? Good, good. What about the Rock Hudson stuff? Felt like that flew over your heads. Did you get that?"
" Okay, okay, it wasn't that funny."
" Uh, hey, guys, guys—it'd—"
" Get cancer, jerkwad."
 But then how do I know if they got it?
 Why are you giving me advice?
" Oh, I don't drink. BoJack Horseman."
" Oh, God! Goddamn it, Todd, clean up your shit."
" Not my problem. A better man than you once said, and I quote, ""It's the responsibility of little guys like you to be looking out for big shots like me."""
" I don't know, Jesus, Gandhi, Malcolm-Jamal Warner. Clean up your shit! Oh!"
 Don't know what that means.
 Who's Wayne?
 BuzzFeed? What'll they think of next?
 How could you think that that's the same? My book will be in libraries for hundreds of years. Your BuzzFeed article will be crammed between an animated GIF of a cat falling asleep and a list of fun facts about Legally Blonde.
 I still don't know what that means.
 Do you mean his sitcom that coincidentally had the exact same premise as my sitcom?
 I think I'm above this.
 Or maybe you're the third kind of person—whose only function is to drain the energy and life force from his host organism.
" See? You say something to someone enough times, and eventually, he internalizes it. The system works."
" What? Since when are you working on a rock opera? Oh, no. Why'd I ask that?"
 I'm out.
" Loam? ""Rich with loam?"""
 On a spaceship?
" ""Slaves."" Just say ""slaves."""
 That was and I don't say this lightly worse than a hundred September 11ths.
 That's the spirit.
" Now, you have to understand that as a port city, Liverpool had unique access to all aspects of American culture, especially Blues music and its unruly nephew, Rock and Roll."
 It is. I thought you would appreciate some context.
" Todd? What's to tell? Five years ago, he found his way into one of my house parties and never left."
" I've asked him to get a job, I've asked him to move out."
" Um, actually, no."
 Todd thinks the world of Pop-Tarts.
 What? I let Todd live rent-free in my stately manse. I am his own personal Mother Teresa.
 That is insane! I would love to be alone. That is all I want.
 What? That's unbelievable. Todd!
" Yes, but also, I would like to help you with your dumb-ass rock opera."
 I am supporting you.
 No. I think you have a great depth of untapped potential and I wish to mentor you in your art.
 Yes.
 No.
" Let's dig in. Where to start? Okay, well, the headline is, I hate it. I hate everything about it. The premise is bad and the execution is also bad. It's an irredeemable jumble of shit."
" That said, I don't see why we can't make something really great here."
 Are you close?
 How 'bout now?
 Now?
" Oh, Go-o-o-d! Did you get there?"
 No.
" I have no idea what you're talking about, but that idea is terrible."
 How can I put this? Imagine if the Holocaust happened every four years like the Olympics. I would rather that happened than your rock opera.
" Yeah, well, you know what? Maybe I would listen if the Turbidians had some reason to enter the Cave of Swollen Dreams that didn't break the pact they made in act one with Queen Darneesa."
 This just doesn't make sense. The Turbidians are a loyal people. They—they wouldn't betray their queen. Unless
" Well, don't just sit there! Get this down!!"
" Oh, you like that. You like daddy's good stuff?"
 Did you get there?
 I think you just blew this thing wide open.
" ""Up a fifth."""
" ""Down a fifth."""
 That was great! This train is moving. Let's take a break and get lunch.
" Yeah, that's right."
 No.
 You mean to tell me that for a full year you were on the run from the Russian mafia?
 I can't believe you never told me any of this stuff. I just thought you were a dumb freeloader who ate all my food and played video games all day.
" I remember that game. I was up for Dr. Decapitator in the movie version. They said they wanted someone hipper, but the part ended up going to Robert Downey."
" If it was Junior, I would have said, ""Junior."""
" You're not a screw-up anymore, Todd. You're about to have a hit rock opera on your hands."
 Who in the what Van?
 Okay.
" Wow, Todd, are you sure we're ready for that?"
" Hey, you've done enough listening, buddy. Maybe it's about time I start listening."
 Gotta take this. Hello?
" I am very happy with my current long-distance provider, thank you."
" Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm having lunch with my friend."
" All right gang, when Virgil Van Cleef gets here, look alive. This could be Todd's big break, so clap really hard and laugh at all the jokes, even if they're not funny, but also, be careful, because a lot of things you might think are jokes are not jokes, so, you know, look out."
 That was not a joke.
 Who's Wayne?
 BuzzFeed is a website. There is no cover.
" It's ""tomato,"" ""to-mah-to."""
 Oh
" What you're about to see is rough, very rough. It's a vomit pass at what might become a rock opera. Right now, it's set mostly in space, but we're not married to that. Todd is neither a singer nor a trained musician. In fact, he never even graduated high school, he told me in confidence. Keep all that in mind as you give it up for Todd."
 I had the same note.
 All right!
" Yeah, Todd really rose to the occasion, didn't he?"
" Ah, well, it was nothing."
" I appreciate the sentiment, but I still think that game is stupid."
" Oh, uh, you're gonna move out?"
" Good, that's great. That's great and good. So good, so great. Just great, and also good."
 This is all just happening so fast. I don't—I don't think Todd is ready for this.
 Don't make this about me. I've seen what happens when baby birds get pushed out of the nest too soon.
 It's not your fault.
" It's not, your, fault."
" Whoa, whoa, whoa, buddy, buddy, I'm not gonna let you start on this until we stock up on snacks and Red Bull."
" Todd, put it down."
" Todd, this is no time for a relapse."
" Todd, this is a bad idea!"
" I assure you, it still smells like cheap plastic and child labor."
" We both know that if you play that game tonight, you'll never leave this couch!"
 Good night.
" Damn it, Todd, the investor showcase is in half an hour. Did you work on the song?"
" Pull yourself together, man!"
 Wait!
" Give the kid a chance, Van Cleef."
" Hey, Van Cleef, Todd may not be ready for the high-flying world of rock opera or the larger world outside of my living room couch, but you know what? He's a good friend."
" No, of course you don't. Maybe Todd's worse off today, but you're worse off in the long run, because you're gonna die alone and unloved, you pompous, affected asshole!"
" Shut your mouth, Todd. And you shut yours, Van Cleef, or I will buck it shut. Suck a dick, dumb shits!"
" Oh, that damn video game."
" I guess there's a reason they don't call it ""the rock opera fun."" They call it ""the rock opera business."""
" Hey, no. Hold on to that. Why don't you just put it in the living room closet?"
" In fact, from now on, you can keep all your stuff in the living room closet."
" This, I will get rid of."
" Yeah, I bought this earlier, and I'd like to return it. I don't know where the receipt went."
" Thanks for your help, character actress Margo Martindale."
 I don't know what you're talking about. This never happened.
" Oh, is it this guy? Never travel without it."
 It's not his fault. He's just doing his job.
" This is Pappy Van Winkle, ol' friend. Do you know how old this bourbon is? If this was a person, I would've stopped having sex with it a year ago."
 Do you know who I am?
" I'm actually a huge celebrity on my way to New York for an important meeting with a book publisher, who wants to publish a book about me because I am famous."
" Fine, you want me to dance? I'll dance. Give me ten seconds, Diane. This guy's being a total fascist. Diane? Diane?"
 How'd you get through so fast?
" Ugh, weird."
" Really? You've never heard of my TV show? You know very well who I am. And now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to New York."
" Oh, you know what? Could be this."
" Relax, it's a lighter. How much lighter fluid can I take on the plane? And before you answer, remember, I'm a celebrity."
" Always nice to get a change of scenery, am I right?"
" Hurry back, superstar. I don't think Diane's working out."
 She's too good. I don't know if Diane is damaged enough to tell my story. She's so— functional.
 All right.
 All right. Jesus.
 Who was that? The library? Thanking you for never returning a book late?
" Oh, my God."
 I am so sorry.
" Hey, so listen, I really want to be here for you in your time of need, but I'm not really good with funerals or death or families or feelings or people."
" I wish I had brothers growing up. Touch football on the weekends, noogie parades on the reg. Life as an only child can get pretty lonely."
" Daddy, do you want to meet my imaginary friend?"
" Okay, Daddy."
" So, what, you're like the black sheep?"
 You told me that you and your father used to sit on the roof and look at the stars together.
" Oh, yeah? Well, I'm using an old me trick called ""that hurts my feelings."""
 You do have great hair.
 What? A kaleidoscope? I'm not five.. Shapes and colors the likes of which I've never seen.
" Ah, out of combinations. Now I'm bored. Diaa-aane!"
" Excuse me. Yes, hello, I'm looking for Diane. Does anyone here speak English?"
" Again, does anyone here speak English?"
" Well, one time at Bristol Farms, Ben Affleck and I did reach for the same bunch of grapes."
" Hey, I don't suppose you boys would have any interest in maybe playing some touch football later?"
" Ooh, that sounds good. What's that?"
 What? That is amazing.
 Now that's a good prank.
" Yeah, you wouldn't get it. It's a brothers thing, right, brothers?"
" Boys, you have stolen my heart like Dave Roberts stole second base."
" I must go now, but I'll see you all at the funeral, okay? And when I do, you're all getting noogies."
" Hey, can I suggest something? You might want to loosen up a little. I think you could actually learn a thing or two from your brothers."
" I'm just saying, if you can't find a way to let off some steam you're going to explode. God damn it! Are you god damn kidding me? I keep getting calls from this unlisted number. Ignore. Who are these assholes?"
" Oh, they'd just love that, wouldn't they?"
 It's 4
" Yeah, guys, you got it all wrong. Diane isn't a big-shot. She's my ghostwriter. She's writing a book that's not even gonna have her name on it. You think this is how she expected her life would be going at 34? She lives with her rich boyfriend and doesn't pay rent. She's not too good for anything."
 BoJack helping?
 Whoa!
 So.. what we're gonna do is.. nothing?
 Does anyone know where she might have gone?
 I think I know where she went.
" I don't know, Diane was pretty upset, and she's got your dad."
 I.. Really?
" Ah, um.."
" Hey. Sorry, I said all that stuff about you."
" I found this letter back at the bar. I think it's for you. Look, just read it. I think you'll like it."
 Keep reading.
" Look, take it from someone with his own shitty parents, family is a sinkhole, and you were right to get out when you had the chance."
 Yep.
" Yeah, it is! You want those guys to be proud of you?"
" Closure is a made up thing by Steven Spielberg to sell movie tickets. It, like true love and the Munich Olympics, doesn't exist in the real world. The only thing to do now is just to keep living forward."
" So don't come back here. What's great about Los Angeles is nobody cares about where you're from or who you are. It's a superficial town where you can worry about stupid shit like keeping your pool clean, and what artisanal nuts to put on your salad."
" Oh, it's the best. Why do you think people keep moving there?"
" The good news is, your dad can't hurt anyone ever again. Uh-oh."
" Um, I'll meet you inside. I have to make a call."
" Hey, Herb, look, I think we have some unfinished business. It seems like life's too short to hold grudges and stuff like that, you know what I'm saying? About life being too short? Well, of course you know what I'm saying. You're the one with terminal.. I feel like I'm doing all the talking here. So anyway, I thought maybe we could chat. Why don't you give me a call, okay? Um.. so smell you later? This is BoJack. Horseman. Obviously. (""Unknown Caller"") Ugh, who keeps calling me?"
 That's all right.
" No, you're not."
" Yeah, really? You made up calling someone honey?"
 That's okay. Todd's supposed to pick me up. Where is he?
" Probably just forgot, the lazy bum. Hey, I'll take the ride as long as it's not as bumpy as that pilot's landing."
" Be stiller, my beating heart."
" You wouldn't get it. Either you read Hemisphere's Magazine, or you don't."
 Wha-a-a-a-a-t? What? Get out of here.
" Hey, do you guys want to grab dinner? Or at least some road sodas, so I don't have to go through the ordeal of sobering up and then having to get drunk all over again?"
" Oh. Oh, man. Remember that guy in 34-B?"
 Boring. I wasn't there. Can we keep this general interests?
" Ah, crap. Someone get the manager."
 Yeah. Real.. Real cute. A 'D' for dog.
" Well, how about some champagne for the happy couple. Waiter, get me a bottle of Dom to keep with the trend of sweet D gifts."
" A toast on me to Diane and Mr.Peanutbutter. I'd like a round of drinks for everyone. Off the menu, of course."
" Look, I could happily go down this petty road of raising and re-raising one another."
 But I'd instead like to highlight the fact that Mr.Peanutbutter's ripping off my toast the same way he ripped off my entire career.
" What's the rush? Because I just bought the restaurant, and we can stay as long as we want. Hey, you. I own you now. Do a dance."
 Rest? Why rest? I'm not tired.
" Todd, where the hell have you been? I had to carpool home from the airport like a goddamn environmentalist."
" Well, you called the right person, because I need your help and you're my phone-a-friend. Marie Curie won Nobel prizes in which two sciences? A, chemistry and physics. B, biology and physics.."
" Damn it, Todd! This was life or death."
" Yes! I am the champion of the games! Did you see that, Diane? Diane?"
" Good night, Diane. Give me a bottle of something to help me forget my problems. Ooh, maybe not that strong. What is this, breakfast? Yeah, that's about right."
" Well, that worked effectively."
 Holly-what?
 Weird. .. Weirder! Why the hell would I steal a giant D?
 D.. D.. Damn!
" Hey, D-voted memoirist. I can't work on the book today. Too ill. Cough."
" Ooh, was it bad?"
" It was mostly a lot of wheezing, as if you were climbing something, followed by the sounds of dismantling metal, and then grunting like you were dragging something heavy at least a few miles."
" I didn't say anything incriminating, did I?"
" Good. Well, just as a general rule, you probably shouldn't be listening to any voicemails I leave after.. What time do I start drinking?"
 Yup. See you later.
 What's that? An actor flaking on an obligation? Welcome to Hollywood.
" Cough, cough, cough, cough, cough. Cough, cough, cough, cough, door slam."
 It was me. I stole the D.
 Now be a good agent and make this not my problem.
" Look, I need to get rid of this before Diane sees it."
 Wha-a-a-at? Ha-ha. What? Get out of here.
" Yeah, I don't know. The D might be for David, because apparently when I was drunk, I printed out a bunch of pictures of David Boreanaz."
 Since when to women your age get invited to weddings?
 I got it.
 No. How'd you figure out it was me?
 Stop leaving voicemails!
" Oh, come on. I mean, am I attracted to her? Sure. Do my days feel better when I'm around her? Yeah. Does she get me in ways no woman ever has? Indubitably. Do I fantasize about her? Yes, but only in two positions. Look, am I the kind of guy who would try to steal someone else's girlfriend? Sure, of course, but do I like her? The answer's no. You have nothing to worry about."
" Well, I have to talk to her, because she's writing my book."
 Deal.
 I regret this already.
" Oh, that's just a mustard packet. It's left over from lunch."
 No. I still might want it later.
" Oh, no. The pickle's a SWAT van, but I see your point. Might be easier to just ditch the evidence. But how?"
" Well, they do have Bailey's in them."
" I mean, I admit, it's been bad for ideas, but it's been great for camaraderie."
" You beautiful bastard, that's it! We can pick up the D with your chopper, fly it out of here, and then dump it out into the ocean."
" What now, Todd?"
" I think he's talking to me, pal. You know, the guy whose show invented the two-dates-to-the-prom story."
 The only thing you ever perfected -- was stealing my thunder.
 Now you're even stealing the words I'm saying.
" Well, juggling both never ends well. Mr.Peanutbutter, anything to contribute? He's just staring blankly now."
" Got to go, pal. Hope it's a magical night. All right, you ready for the plan?"
" You leave that to me. Whoa, wait. You had a lot to drink. You better have a cup of coffee."
" Who loves you, people? Look this way, news media. A celebrity is throwing away his hard-earned cash. Everyone pay attention to me."
" No, it's still free, spendable money. This is a huge story."
 What is wrong with you bozos? Just riot over the damn money already.
" Mr.Peanutbutter, take her home."
" Ah, jeez. What did that idiot do?"
 Son of a bitch. That literal son of a bitch.
 Can you believe it? I was double-crossed by the one man I assumed was too stupid to even single-cross.
" Mr.Peanutbutter took my D and gave it to Diane. Once again, he completely ripped me off."
 What do you mean?
 You're right. It's Mr. Peanutbutter all over.
" Can we keep this about me, please?"
 That's not true. I can express feelings.
 Nothing on the outside. Nothing on the inside.
 Why are you wasting my time with this? Of course I would. Who wouldn't? 
" Thank you for rescheduling given your recent, uh, everything."
 I guess he makes your heart stand Stiller?
" Well, that's because it wasn't for you. That wasn't a Diane thing. It was a Mr.Peanutbutter thing."
" A Diane thing would be something that shows he really knows you, like giving you an iPod loaded with all your favorite podcasts, or a practical houseplant, or surprising you with a bound album of photos and emails he saved. That's.. That's what the Diane I know would want."
 Just that you should be with someone who knows you.
" I.. Whoa, were we.. Were we taping? Um, okay. Uh, you want to hear my Andy Dick story? It's a doozie."
" Hey. It's, um, me. Look, uh, things got a bit weird earlier, so I--I want to make sure that we're still on for tomorrow to talk about the time I sneezed on Marisa Tomei."
" I also wanted to just, um, let you know how much I appreciate you working on this book with me."
" And I'm sorry if I've been.. difficult in any way during this process. You know, it's-- It's really hard to have somebody, I don't know, know you, I guess. And you do, uh, know me, Diane."
" And I know I'm not the perfect guy. I actually kind of hate myself a lot of the time. But when When I'm with you, I, uh, don't hate myself. I like being around you, and I don't know if I ever told you that in so many words, so I'm telling you."
" Call me back. This was BoJack, by the way. Horseman, obviously."
 She's not gonna call. Get out the consolation scotch. It's her! Make that celebration scotch.
" It's the same scotch! Diane! Hey, you!"
" Oh, wow. To Mr. Peanutbutter?"
 Delete it. It's just a drunken recipe for Bundt cake. Not important.
" Absolutely. Well, nobody knows me like you."
 Oh. Here I thought I was at the drive-through at Carl's Jr. How much did I have to drink last night?
 Diane got engaged to Mr.Peanutbutter? I need a drink.
" Princess Carolyn, look. I met John Stamos."
" Hey, Princess Carolyn, John Stamos and I got our ears pierced."
" Princess Carolyn, John Stamos died. Why? Why, God? Why did you take John Stamos?"
 That doesn't sound so bad.
 Stamos!
" We thought night swimming would be fun, but the current was too strong."
" Oh, God, I wasn't driving around, was I?"
 What just happened?
 What is Guten Bourbon?
" Am I just hungover, or are you talking like a Muppet?"
 I don't know. It sounds like a lot of work.
 Hey. Do you really believe all that stuff you said to me earlier about me being smart and talented and good?
 Ah.
" Hey, I just wanted to thank you for getting me this job and pulling me out of that oh-so-predictably BoJack spiral of self-loathing and substance abuse. You really are the best."
 I feel like you see things in me that nobody else sees.
" All this time, I never even.."
" Okay. I got to go, too."
" Hello, beautiful."
" I know, but I was sitting there drinking bourbon and.."
" Oh, they did, and then I just mixed it with bourbon. And it hit me. Why was I so upset about Diane getting engaged? You're the one who's always been there for me, so I drank a lot more bourbon and drove over to tell you how I feel."
" Princess Carolyn, what are we doing? Clearly we're in love with each other."
 Diane getting engaged was the best thing that ever happened to me. It made me realize you're the one I need to be with.
 Not getting nominated for a People's Choice Award is the best thing that ever happened to me. It made me realize...
 .. Getting caught with that pound of cocaine was the best thing that ever happened to me.
 That hooker getting pregnant was the best thing that ever happened to me.
 Sneezing on Marisa Tomei was the best..
" Okay. But remember, I'm coming for you, and I'm gonna make you love me."
" Lady, you work too hard."
 Important phone call beep boop blorp.
" Princess Carolyn, what are we doing?"
" Before I go, I got you a little sexy something to remember me by. Since we can't be together every second, which would be my preference, I give you cardboard BoJack. It's got a light-sensitive sound chip, so every time you walk by it, it quotes a line from Jerry Maguire, your favorite movie."
" What do you think? Pretty sweet, huh? "
 Or you could find my nude erector.. She's gone.
" Good news, Princess Carolyn. Vanessa's my agent now."
" You said you couldn't be my girlfriend and my agent, so I'm firing you. Now we can be in love."
 This is so great. Now I can date you and have a better agent. Everybody wins.
 I'm a sporting agent.
" He's right, you know. Oh, ooh, oh, oh, over-rotate. Hey."
 Have dinner with me tonight.
" Come on, just me, you, and a bottle of Pinot. Probably more than one bottle and some entrees. And I'll probably get an appetizer. I own the restaurant, so we can go crazy."
 You don't have to work. You choose to work.
 Why not choose to be happy for once?
" When you're writing a memoir, you spend a lot of time reflecting on the past. I regret not being a better friend to you and lover."
" You want to get out of this stuffy old restaurant, get some gelato, and maybe drive out to the ocean - and put our feet in the water?"
" Great. I'll get the car and meet you outside. You scamper right back, pussycat. You look at your reflection too long, you might fall in love. She's gone."
" Holy shit. Herb! How the hell are you, buddy?"
 Excuse me?
" Hey, um, I just got kind of a.. weird phone call."
 Yeah.
" Princess Carolyn, what are we doing?"
 This was a mistake. I've been acting crazy. That phone call just pulled me back to reality. You were right. I don't love you. You don't love me. We're just two lonely people trying to hate ourselves a little less. Maybe that's all we're ever gonna be. Maybe that's all we ever were.
" So we agree that this is on you, then? I guess I'll see you around."
" Sorry, I think I just need to be alone right now."
 Hello.
 Uh-oh. People only say they're fine when they're not fine. Did I hurt your feelings last night?
" Well, I'm glad you called. I think that you had the right idea yesterday. I should be getting back to work. Can you get me another job?"
" Oh, right. Well, just tell whoever, then. Haah!!"
" Anyway, I'm off to Malibu to see Herb Kazzaz. He has cancer, which, as you know, is a whole thing. Plus, he hates me, so I could really use some good news at the end of the day."
 Yeah.
 What?
 No. I don't know. I don't care about that.
 It doesn't matter. Nothing matters.
 I got to go.
" Oh, right. Well, just tell whoever, then. Haa-aah!"
" Anyway, I'm off to Malibu to see Herb Kazzaz. He has cancer, which, as you know, is a whole thing. Plus, he hates me, so I could really use some good news at the end of the day."
" Okay, Good talk."
 Listen. I want to make sure I don't spend any time alone with Herb. I'm bringing you along as my buffer.
" Fine, I guess. Just don't abandon me. No bathroom breaks. And don't slip out of the room to text your fiancé a bunch of winky smileys with hearts next to them—Gross. Congratulations on the whole being engaged thing, by the way."
" None taken. 'Till you said, ""No offense."""
" Well, I kind of, maybe stabbed him in the back. Yeah, it's a bit of a story. A story of power, betrayal, and ambitious hairstyles. The year? 198.."
 Watch the next one.
 Sure. I spy with my little eye someone who needs to shut the hell up.
" It's always you. Now, where was I?"
" Oh, yeah. Shut up, Todd."
" Thanks, Charlotte, but one beer gets me tipsy. I got to be clear-headed for my set. Looks like Herb's killing."
 Wow. They must be serious about Herb. That's Angela Diaz. She's the woman who made pantsuits a thing.
" I'm in. That movie was amazing, except for all the lame time period jokes. We get it. The '50s were different. I'll have a New Coke, please. Listen, you guys don't need to include me on your dates. Sometimes, it makes me feel like a third wheel."
 Wouldn't that make it a bicycle?
" Great set, man. It's like everything you said was something I've thought before but never had the balls to say."
" Well, thank you, Bubbles. I love L.A. Don't you guys? The prettiest girls in the world flock to this city, and they end up with total knobs. Take this couple, for example."
" Excuse me, miss. Is that your date?"
 That's your husband? You can do better. Give me a call after the show.
 I'm just kidding around. I'm not kidding around.
 Ugh. Maker's Manhattan? 2
" No, I got to stay sharp. I got another audition this afternoon. God, I can't wait till I'm finally up for real jobs instead of these dumb commercials. ""Here's the thing about most long-distance plans."""
 It's so stupid.
" I don't expect to be offered Secretariat right away, but when am I gonna be up for real roles?"
 Wait. Did the guys from ABC call?
" An off-the-clock, non-work-related social event? That's the perfect time to pitch a TV show. You're brilliant."
" Guys, don't take your eyes off the prize. We need to fill Charlotte's bag with these mini quiches. This is our breakfast for June."
" Shit, we're busted. Pretend you don't speak English."
" Salutations. Crap, that's English."
" Well, there he goes. Herb's about to hit the big time, and I'm just gonna be a small-fry doing tiny commercials and eating mini quiches."
 He does?
" Like, you think I'll get fat?"
 So you're saying I definitely won't get fat?
" Well, make up your mind, lady."
" Wait, is this a science lesson?"
" Ugh, that's worse."
" Whoa, whoa, whoa. Really? Does Herb know?"
" I'm going to miss you, Charlotte."
 Charlotte
 Why did you bring me to Griffith Park? Are we gonna get in a knife fight like in Rebel Without a Cause?
 He had several causes.
" Wow, I didn't realize there were so many day hookers."
 I'm not fully on board with this new high five thing. Whatever happened to the low five? Give me some skin.
 What? That's amazing. What's the show?
" Well, good luck on your rocket ship to the top without me."
" Oh, my God."
 Oh.
" Seriously? Of course, I do. Of course, Herb. Jesus Christ, thank you."
" Whoa, whoa. I think you got the wrong idea here."
" Whoa. Herb, I'm not"
" Yeah, no, I gotcha."
 Generic '90s grunge song; Everyone in flannel; Generic '90s grunge song; Something from Seattle
" Why would I say, ""You'll never get me in that sweater"" in this scene and then, in the very next scene, I'm wearing the sweater? Did my character suddenly forget that he didn't want to wear a sweater?"
 Don't explain the joke to me. I just don't understand how it's a joke.
" I want you to add a scene showing how I changed my mind about the sweater so the goddamn episode makes sense. Look at me, doing your job for you. Way to go, Shakespeare."
 What happened to the stories I requested? Where's my rap? You said you'd write me a rap.
" Well, what about giving me Rollerblades? How are people gonna know that my character is hip if he doesn't roll the blade?"
" That was one pitch, and I didn't say they're all thieves. But if you're too scared to start a national dialogue, maybe I'll take my ideas home. Good luck making Horsin' Around without the horse."
" Okay, Sharona. I'll go out and jerk this limp script until it gets hard, but I'm not doing it for Herb. I'm doing it for the fans."
" And there better be some Zimas in my dressing room after the show. Wait a minute. This isn't the bar. I got to fire my assistant. You guys sound like you're ready for a show. Oh, gross. Why do I keep trying to like Zima? Talk to me, world."
" Well, I'll tell you my problem. I just keep getting handsomer."
 Ha-ha. She is attractive.
" Uh, Marv? Marv? What's the big news?"
 That's amazing. Thank you. Thank you.
" Oh, God. What did I do this time?"
 Wha'?
 Sheei-i-it.
 No doy.
" Okay, I'm gonna hold back my ""No doys"" because there might be a lot."
" Herb, you picked the worst possible time to"
" You know what? You can count on me, Herb. I mean, I wouldn't even be here if it weren't for you."
" Hey, this is a dumb question, but do you guys ever, like, all link up together and do, like, a party train or a fun circle? 'Cause I feel like I'd be doing that all the— Never mind. Stupid question. Feel stupid for asking that."
" See, that's what I'm talking about. That's great. We just gotta make sure that we work in the phrase ""toothbrush rap"" early, so they know I'm rapping."
 Angela—
 Wait a minute. This isn't the bar. I gotta fire my assistant.
" Went into turnaround. I don't totally know what ""turnaround"" means, but they never made the movie."
 That's enough out of you. Stay out here and turn this car around in case we need to leave in a hurry.
" Yeah, you don't look so hot yourself, Herb."
 This is Diane. She's writing a book about me.
" Uh, they're fine."
 Could have seen that coming. Who asks about utensils?
" Nope. No, you are not."
 I have used mine a grand total of zero times.
" I don't even have cancer, and I don't use it."
" Exactly. What is so great about liquids? Every article I read now is ""juice this"" and ""juice that."""
 Hey-ooh.
" I presented at the Teen Choice Awards. Wait, is that Charlotte?"
 She looks good for someone so old.
 Exactly!
" This.. This just doesn't feel right. I should have brought a bottle of wine. That's what adults do. BoJack, damn it."
 You're right. I just would have drunk it on the way here.
 Is this one of those things where we're talking about Herb but we're actually talking about something else?
" Okay, good. Yeah, me, too."
" Hey, buddy!"
" Ooh, you should get that looked at."
" Hey, I wanted to talk to you about.. you know. I feel bad about what happened."
 Yes. I'm sorry.
" Herb, I said I'm sorry."
 Uh-- not sure you get what's happening here. This could be the last time that you--
 I really think that we'd both feel better if we just--
 You have to believe me. I did everything I could.
" Look, I—I wanted to, but I didn't think—"
 It's not my fault you got fired.
" I...Hey, this is a dumb question, but the gay thing and the rectal cancer thing aren't related, are they?"
 Never mind. Stupid question. Forget I brought it up. -- Huh.
" No, you gave this to me. No!"
 Some people prefer the later years.
 I don't know why I came here.
 It doesn't matter. Nothing matters.
 I gotta go.
" Ugh, God."
" No, it's okay. Full truth like we agreed. Warts and all. It doesn't matter anyway. I don't even care what anybody thinks anymore."
" No, I don't think we need to talk about that."
" Oh, yeah, totally."
" Yeah, I agree."
" Yeah, friends."
" Plus, hey, you're getting married."
 It is arid.
 We're still a few miles—
" Shit. Todd, we gotta stop this wedding. Todd? Aw, crap. I left him in Malibu."
" No, see, she thinks she does, but she actually doesn't. That's why we need to be good friends right now, and put our own feelings aside and sabotage our friend's engagement."
 We got to figure out a way to stop Diane's wedding.
" Yeah, you got any ideas?"
" Look, if you don't have any ideas, just say you don't have any ideas."
 He very clearly isn't and doesn't.
 Are you seriously trying to make me jealous by flirting with what is very obviously just three kids stacked on top of each other under a trench coat?
 I don't have time for these shenanigans. I got a wedding to shanghai. Good luck with your business transactions.
" Well, that's the beauty part. The B&E is really the least illegal piece of this 12-point master plan. Have you got your tool kit?"
 Burner phone?
 Cyanide capsule?
" Okay, let's get started. Step one"
" Take the cyanide, Todd. Take the cyanide! And hup. Hup. And hup No."
 And hup. Yeah! Hu-aah!
" Hey, I'm bored. And I think Todd swallowed a cyanide pill and might be dead. Wanna come over and bang it out?"
" Wait, that guy from the bar who is actually three boys stacked on top of each other under a trench coat?"
" Not jealous. Just reminding you that you are trying to have a relationship with someone who is and again, it's bizarre I should have to point this out — three young boys stacked on top of each other under a trench coat."
" Okay, okay, but can you just acknowledge that -"
 Look who's not dead.
 You're his driver? That's perfect. Now you can infiltrate Mr.Peanutbutter's inner circle.
" Sure, you'll act all friendly, gain his trust, chauffer him around on his little errands to the groomer and whatnot, but all the while, you'll be studying him, scouring out his weaknesses, biding your time till we're ready to strike. And once you zero in on his Achilles' heel, we will take, him, down."
" Hey, weren't you supposed to be here like a half hour ago?"
 You don't want to interview me anymore? But don't you want to know what my Rosebud is?
 Who was she?
" Oh, okay. Well, I'll see you around though, right?"
 I made things weird?
 Why are you telling me this?
 Give me something I can use to make them call off their wedding.
" What? Thank God! Oh, the universe makes sense."
 What?
" Oh, yes, I got jury duty, but I can't worry about that right now. That is a problem for Friday BoJack. Now think, Todd. Gotta have something I can use sloshing around in that pot-infused Jell-O shot you call a brain."
" Okay, stop thinking. Just give me raw data. What's happening this week?"
 With Mr.Peanutbutter! What's happening with Mr.Peanutbutter?!
 I can use that. I can actually use that.
" Oh, come on, character actress Margo Martindale. They say that there are no good parts for women over 50. I want to stick an AK-47 in your hand and prove them wrong."
" You might as well perform in a cage, am I right? This is guerilla theater"
 Don't tell me we left those dreams in the sweat lodge.
" Hey, guys."
 What a weird coincidence. I did not know you would be here today.
 Things are good. You? Things good with you?
 What an unfortunate surprise.
 This one.
 That terrifying bank robber is making some very cogent points.
 No..
 Yes. Don't do it.
 What the hell just happened?
" Well, the bank thing was a dud. Thanks a lot, Todd."
 Vincent?
 What are you ta
" You know he's not a person, right?"
 It's not about that. I just don't understand why nobody else seems to notice that she is dating a man who is clearly three little boys doing the thing from The Little Rascals.
 If I could say a few words?
" Mr.Peanutbutter, Diane. Since I am friends with both of you and have no ulterior motives—"
 I would like to offer my restaurant as a venue for your wedding.
" Hey, don't look a horse's gift in the mouth, right?"
" This is perfect. Now that the wedding's at my restaurant, we have the home field advantage. Perfect for sabotage."
" Okay. This ""person"" you're in love with—Have you seen him without his trench coat on?"
 You mean one-on-three time? Because there are three of him.
 I'm actually not sure you do get it.
" Since you weren't able to give me any useful intel, I had to offer up my restaurant, but now, we're on my turf. Time for operation ""I don't."""
" You know, with my knack for coming up with plans and your ability to hear them without contributing more than three words at a time, we make a pretty good team, don't we, Todd?"
 See?
" Rise and shine, Todd."
" Well, we're down to the wire, but we still got one more day to figure out how to stop this wedding, and I can't afford to waste one second, so let's get.. Oh, shit. Forgot about jury duty. Damn you, Tuesday BoJack."
" Come on, come on, come on. Hurry up."
 Sweet Jesus. Some of us have weddings to ruin.
 Ugh
 Mr.Peanutbutter.
 There's my superstar. How are you?
 It's actually happening right now. I ran out of time.
" I was just trying to be a good friend in my own shitty, ass-backwards way. Diane deserves the best. She's smart and kind and beautiful, and it's gonna be mostly synonyms from here on if I keep going, and.. I'm in love with her."
" You're right, partly. I've gotta tell her how I feel. Okay, I'm gonna do it. Good luck with your finger thing."
" Todd, thank God you're here! Did I miss it? Is it too late?"
 Mr.Peanutbutter is nice to everybody. That's what makes him so stupid.
" Yes, that's right. And I'm here to finally tell her how I feel."
 How? I barely just realized ..
 Wouldn't have missed it for the world.
 Sorry that I.. If I made things weird.
 Oh.
" So you're the quote-unquote person, singular, that everyone's so crazy about. What have you got figured out that I don't?"
" Yeah, I'm not seeing it. But that doesn't matter. Not everything's about me. And maybe I am a little jealous. Not because I actually want to date Princess Carolyn anymore, but just because I don't like the idea that I can't. I guess I just assumed I always could. But I made a lot of bad decisions. Not just with her. With.. with everyone, really. You know, Princess Carolyn was right. You are a good listener."
" You know, sometimes I feel like I was born with a leak, and any goodness I started with just slowly spilled out of me, and now it's all gone. And I'll never get it back in me. It's too late. Life is a series of closing doors, isn't it?"
 That actually feels kind of nice. 
" ""We're very different, but I think that we bring out the best in each other. It's like you're chocolate and I'm Mr. Peanutbutter."""
 Ugh.
" Yes, Your daring exploit."
" You ""daren't."""
 It never—
 Well..
" You want me to play Mr. Peanutbutter in the story he stole from me? I stole the D, and then he stole my stealing of it. That makes him an idea thief, which is much less cool than a thief thief, which is what I am and what he also is."
 But isn't there any other part? I could play myself.
" What? The short guy from The Princess Bride who says ""inconceivable?"" Why Wallace Shawn?"
" Fine. I'll do the dumb movie. But if you find me in a bathtub with open wrists tomorrow and the words ""I hate my agent"" smeared across the walls in blood, you'll know why. So obviously I'm thrilled to be here, just thrilled."
" Hey, stranger. Haven't really seen you since the wedding. Kind of feels like we're coming back to school after summer vacation."
 Hope we don't get Mrs. Kirkman for trig this year.
 Uh..
" Well, I've been pretty busy. Met a girl at Soho House."
 Yes. Then I met a girl at Mastro's.
 Yes. Then I met a girl at P.F.Chang's.
" A hooker, yes, but what she really wants to do is wait tables."
" What? Why would I want to settle down? I'm 50. .. Yeah, anyway.."
 What? It's done?
" Listen, if reading a book you wrote is anywhere near as great as it is to actually spend time with you, I'm sure it's gonna be wonderful. Having said that, what do I know about books? I'm just a dumb actor."
 I do not.
" Yeah, this whole story isn't how it really happened."
" Because I'm the one who stole the D. I'm the real hero here. My life is full of exciting adventures. I should write a book. Oh, wait. I did. Suck on that, society."
" Oh, Todd, glad you're here. Hold this. Todd, my jacket is on the floor. You're supposed to hold the jacket so it doesn't go on the floor."
 Ugh.
 Uh—
 Yep. You said it.
" I'm sick of this dog and pony show. The movie is dumb. Mr.Peanutbutter is annoying the shit out of me, and there's too much honeydew in the fruit bowl."
" Also, why is BoJack being played by an old, nebbishy five-foot-tall bald guy? Is that how the world sees me?"
 I'm just glad my book's coming out soon so people will get an opportunity to see the real BoJack Horseman.
" Plus, Todd's being super weird. I think he's onto me."
" Oh, right, I didn't tell you. I sabotaged his rock opera by getting him readdicted to a video game because I didn't want him to move out."
" Anyway, I think he knows and might be plotting to sabotage me back."
 Are you saying I should plot a counter-sabotage?
 What?
 Todd.
" ""True dat."""
" ""True dat."""
" Yeah, okay, I'm done."
" Hey, Todd, remember that time when you wouldn't clean up your shit? That was hilarious. We've had some good times."
" So I was thinking, I have some—pretty sloppy seconds left over from P.F.Chang's in the fridge, and I don't think that I want it anymore. Maybe tonight you could eat it. Friendly gesture because we're friends."
 I don't think it's necessary.
" Now, when you say, ""Give BoJack more to do"" —Not now, Mr. Peanutbutter."
" Not right, and I would love to go through all the reasons why, but I've got bigger concerns right now."
 Did you notice that the Mr.Peanutbutter part has been cut in half? What is happening to our movie?
" Yeah, I do, but if I'm gonna be in a dumb movie I hate that makes no sense, I should at least be the star of it."
" It's just the shirt, isn't it?"
" Yeah, well, most of my lines are, ""True dat,"" but I guess it never hurts to practice."
" ""True dat."""
" Well, I don't want to overuse my catchphrase here, but true dat."
" ""Oh, puh-lease. I'm so deep down a well of sadness that Baby Jessica is like, ""Damn."""
 What?
 Oh. Okay.
 Pop this in a drawer. Huh?
" Oh, this is amazing. Naomi, I haven't felt like this since.."
 Want to do some hand stuff in the bathroom before we go down to set?
 What? My book is ready? Let me read it. Can I read it?
" All right! You hang tight, baby. I got an instant classic to read. Keep the engine running, though, because if I know me, this book is gonna give me a pretty big erection."
" Pinky, it's me. Let me read the book. Give me, give me, give me."
 Great. Send it over. I'll read it right now.
" To set my expectations sky-high? Way ahead of you. All right, book, let's see what you got. BoJack, this is you."
 What the shit is this?
" You were supposed to ghostwrite my memoir, but instead you wrote a story about how you spent six months with me and saw what a big, dumb loser I am."
 This isn't warts and all. It's just warts. Where's the all? I come off like a total asshole.
 There's an entire chapter about me eating apple fritters.
" Is this book how you see me? That day we ran errands together, I thought that we had a really good time, but you just wrote about how I cried because the dry cleaner took my head shot down."
 They didn't even replace me with anyone. Now it's just a faded spot where my face used to be.
 What?
" Oh, I don't think you understand what's happening here. This is not a casual conversation between friends. This is your boss telling his employee that she did a bad job. Try again."
" Start over, but do it right this time. Nobody is ever gonna see this."
" ""True dat."""
" Come on, guys, this is ridiculous. Is this even a movie anymore?"
 Hello? Are you just gonna leave me like this? Anyone?
" Ah! Oh, good. You're here."
" This whole day's been a shit show. The book turned out to be a total hatchet job. The movie's a disaster. But thank God I have one good thing in my life, and that's you."
 Please let me say this before I lose my nerve.
" I spent 50 years roaming the countryside as a wild stallion, but I am tired of the rodeo.."
 .. and I'm finally ready to saddle up.
" I guess what I'm trying to say is, this mustang wants to rest his head in the comforts of your spacious barn."
" I'm in love with you, Naomi."
 I'm so sorry. But look at the bright side. Now you and I can just hang out and talk about feelings.
 So I didn't fall in love with Naomi Watts?
 Naomi Wa-a-atts?
 What's going on? Why are they packing up?
 Those are the dumbest words I've ever heard.
" No, it's none of those things."
 What am I looking at?
 I don't know what that means.
" Look, I get it. You destroyed my big chance at a comeback as revenge for what I did to your rock opera."
 So cutting my part down was not about revenge?
 And making BoJack the villain of your movie was not a coded statement of your feelings about me?
" Oh, okay, great. Well, I'm.. I'm glad we buried the hatchet and everything's cool."
" Oh. Well, this feels shitty. You sure you don't want to just get some revenge real quick thump me once in the stones and then we'll be even?"
 Yeah?
" Uh, sure."
" Yeah, an apple fritter would be great. Why? Wh—What—What's happening here? (""BUZZFEED. Dark Horseman"
 Give me your phones. I'm a celebrity. You have to listen to me.
 Don't look at me. I'm well-adjusted. You all want my life.
"Uh, what the hell?"
 You posted your dumb little book on the Internet.
 This is wildly unprofessional. Who do you think you are?
 Your book?
 Nobody is gonna read that book. How do you still not get that? It is never going to be published.
 Maybe you're right.
 No. You're fired. 
" Okay, how about this one? ""BoJack swallowed a dozen pastries in the time it took the caterer to unwrap a fruit tray. When she asked where the pastries had gone, BoJack claimed he had no idea, spraying her with bits of buttery crust?"""
 Uh...because he was awesome?
" Ugh, no! Maybe that's what flawed, sad fatties want from other celebrities, but for BoJack Horseman, they want a heroic horse-stud who is awesome and who can save them from their flawed, sad, fatty lives."
" Actually, you know what? Now that I think about it, I think that you're so wrong!!"
" The end of the week? No! Okay, what if I told you that I could have a new book for you by then?"
" Yeah, a better one. Better stories, better told, by me straight from the horse's mouth."
" Do you think what you do is so-o-o ha-a-rd? ""I'm a writer. I go to coffee shops with my laptop and my notebook and my dumb glasses that I have to wear, because I'm so important I need to see clearly."""
" You know what your problem is? You think you're so much smarter than everybody. Well, guess what. I spent as much time with you as you did with me. Why don't I write a book about how you married Mr.Peanutbutter because he's too dumb to see how much better you think you are?"
" I'm not upset. I'm just sick of nerd-girls like you beating up on stars like me. It's pathetic! I'm sorry no one wanted to date you in high school, Diane, but I don't see why I have to suffer just because you were never especially pretty or interesting."
 You really let me down. I apologize for her outbursts.
" Damn right I can, so you can throw this turd of a book in the garbage and then light the garbage on fire. In fact, you can burn all books, because my book, written by me, is gonna kick your dick off."
" Okay, chapter one. Hmm...not quite right. What?"
" Yeah, I would say that I'm not such a fan of that one."
" Egh, don't you get it? This is my last chance to make people love me again. If this goes out, everybody's gonna see the real me. Now, I spend a lot of time with the real me, and believe me, nobody's gonna love that guy."
" Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go take a shower so I can't tell if I'm crying or not."
" All right, let's get to work. I feel like we can beat this font. Ah, Copperplate, a font for the truly modern man. Ha. No. There you are, Verdana. Thought you could hide at the end of the alphabet, did ya'? Oh, Comic Sans, you drunk, go home. 3"
" You can see from the teeny, tiny brush strokes, that this is very expensive. The color is, um This one they don't even have a name for, that's how exclusive it is, and this.."
" Puu-uhh-hh! Puu-uhh-hh! Hey, Todd, Todd!"
 Todd! Todd!
 Eyeballs here Look at me. Look at me! I need to work. I can't afford to be distracted. Don't distract me.
" Egh, Jesus, Todd! Read louder much?"
" Oh, sure, just drop Toaster Strudel crumbs all over the floor, why don't you? Guess I'll just clean them up myself, like always. I can't work like this. Come on, come on, come on, pick it up, you dumb vacuum. I do not have time for this. I need to write. What the.. Come on! Seriously? You cannot be seriou.. God, why are you keeping me from writing?!"
" My parents loved me so much, it was crazy. I remember one Sunday afternoon, my mother said, ""Your father and I want to spend quality family time together. All the kids in school envy your intelligence and kickball ability. Here's an ice cream sundae."" No, wait. ""An ice cream sandwich."" No. ""A dreamsicle."" Egh, no. I don't know. This is dumb."
" Just need something to help me focus. Coffee. No, no. Cigarettes. No, tequila! No, I just need the right music.. to do drugs to."
" Sarah Lynn, I know things got kind of out of hand last time when I tried to make you stop doing drugs. So I just want to thank you for coming over this time to give me drugs."
" These are gonna help me focus and get work done, right?"
" Oh, it's ""Hu."" Dr. Hu."
" No, no, no, but I thought it was ""Who,"" like Doctor Who."
" No, not H-U, but, ""who,"" like, ""Hello, who is it?"""
 Seriously? Am I the only one who knows the extremely popular BBC science fiction show about the time traveling doctor who saves civilizations?
" No. Yes, thank you. Doctor Who."
" What? No, that's Dr. Quinn."
 When are these drugs going to kick in?
 So Gremlin rules?
" All right, team, focus up. We got a book to write."
" Okay, Todd, how is it going with the heartwarming anecdotes?"
" Nice! Can you change best to pretty good? Sarah Lynn, how's it coming with the Horsin' Around years?"
" Great. Keep typing, monkeys. (Blackout) If only Hulk Hogan could see us now, right?"
 Because Sarah Lynn said the thing about Hulk Hogan?
" Oh, right. How we doing now?"
" Nice. Okay, this is great. That puts us at 216 pages? Holy shit, that's almost as long as The Firm by John Grisham."
" It's surprisingly literate and insightful, but still fun. It's a beach read you can thumb through in a wing chair. Can't believe Diane thought this was so hard. ""Oh, my fingers are cramping from all this typing. It's like they're having their period."""
" No, but my fingers are cramping. It's like they're having their period, am I right?"
 Are you just laughing so I'll leave you alone?
 We just need a way to end this thing. What should the ending be?
" Not that, but something like that. Keep thinking. I got it! Did you guys switch clothes?"
 Er—What—Huh—?
 What?
" Oh, what'd I say?"
" Yeah, right, and when I get too old to take care of myself, I go for one last swim. I know I can't make it back to shore. I'm too weak, too tired. So I just let the water take me under."
 You got something better?
 I love it. It's perfect. We'll sell so many books.
" No, no, no, no. Okay, so what did we learn? We learned that if we're going to do drugs we should do them at home where it's safe to do them together, right, Todd?"
" Don't worry, guys. I have this gun to keep us safe from intruders. And each other."
 Busted! It's just a lighter.
" Shit, I guess it's my gun. Then what'd I do with my lighter? And what did I give to that baby?"
" Don't be a Silly Billy. That's a broom. Wait, am I holding a gun? (Blackout) Todd, are you holding a gun or a broom?"
 I guess we'll just have to shoot them at each other at the same time to find out!
" Todd, sh—Oh— Can I just say—Todd, Todd, I need you—I need you to shh. Listen, listen, Todd. Okay, just to be totally clear, we're shooting each other to determine whether we're holding guns or brooms, right? Not because you're still mad about the whole me sabotaging you with the rock opera and your live stream and suchety-such?"
" Oh—oh, Okay."
" Sarah Lynn is right. You know, if we all had guns, then no one would need a gun, and we would all be safe. Oh my God. I think we just solved the gun crisis in America."
 Easy! We'll take them all.
 Yeah
 Really?
" Oh, my God. Thank you. Thank you."
 Are you okay?
 What is happening?!
" Oh, shit, I'm still tripping."
" Oh, go— Ah—ah—oh! Oh, oh, ah, ah. "
" Oh, my God! What?"
" Ah! Whoa. What the— Whoa! Okay, stay calm. I don't have outlines anymore. That's okay. There's no boundary between me and space. This is a thing that happens. Shouldn't we help him?"
" Oh—Oh, God. Oh—uh-oh. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Why is everyone laughing? What's so funny?"
 This is all I am and all I'll ever be.
 What is it?
 What?!
" No, no."
" I'm sinking, somebody help. The floor is tar."
" I can't, I'm stuck. Do they have Pinkberry in Maine? I can't!"
" Oh, no."
" Good grief. I'm so depressed. I just want everyone to love me, but I don't know how to make them do it."
" I screwed it all up. It's too late for me, isn't it?"
 Then tell me it's not too late.
" Yeah, that's right."
" Yes, dear?"
" Ran into Ed at the hardware store. He said we're in for some weather. What the hell does that mean? Some weather. We're always in for some weather. Guess what, Ed? There's never not weather."
" Come on, I can't help it. It's just so cute how they do it automatically. How do they know?"
" Oh, man, can we just stay exactly like this for the rest of our lives, please?"
 What? That's amazing.
 Is it weird that I want to make love to you right now?
" I don't know, it's— I don't want to spook the baby. Maybe we should just do mouth and hand stuff for the next nine months."
 I think someone's awake.
" Yes, Gooby Girl, Dada's coming."
" I'm gonna eat your finger. Yum, yum, num, num."
" Yes, Harper?"
 They're still there. We just can't see them because the sun is shining.
 Harper?
" Well, that depends. Do you love cookies, and the color green, and braids?"
" Well, then, your application has been submitted and is pending board approval. Approved!"
 She grew up so fast.
" Honey, a Vespa is not a motorcycle."
 What are you thinking about?
 Oh— What? Where? Hello?
 What day is it?
" Okay, I gotta go."
" Yeah, I got a question."
" My question is for Diane. Look, I'm sorry about all the stuff I said about you earlier. We can publish the book you wrote. You're obviously a better writer than I am, and I don't actually even really care what the world thinks about me anymore. I just hated reading that book because I hated feeling like that's how you saw me. Because I guess you know me better than anybody, and if you think that— Um, I guess my question is, do you.. Do you think it's too late for me?"
" I mean, am I just doomed to be the person that I am? The The person in that book? It's not too late for me, is it? It's— It's not too late Diane, I need you to tell me that it's not too late."
" I— I need you to tell me that I'm a good person. I know that I can be selfish and narcissistic and self-destructive, but underneath all that, deep down, I'm a good person, and I need you to tell me that I'm good, Diane. Tell me, please, Diane. Tell me that I'm good."
 Yeah!
" Wow, what an honor. I have to thank the Hollywoo Foreign Press. I feel like I should mention that my book was not a comedy or a musical. Do you guys actually watch the movies you give awards to? 'Cause I kind of get the sense that—Also, my book was not a movie. You do know that, right?"
" Anyway, the response to this book has been incredible. These last three months have been really amazing. You know, a lot of people said to me, ""You sure you want to publish this book? It's pretty personal."" And I said, ""If I can make just one person out there feel a little less alone, then it's all worth it."" And they said, That's really brave. And I said, Well, I'm not one to call myself brave, but since you said it, yeah, I am. After-party at my restaurant! Why did I say after-party at my restaurant? I do not want to throw a party."
 No! Yes.
 Ugh.
" I'm sorry, is that supposed to be encouraging? Because it's super-bleak."
 I literally cannot.
 I got to hand it to Diane. This book has been everything she said it would be.
" How is Diane? I haven't seen her since— Well, I haven't seen her in a while."
" Well, I'm happy she's happy."
" Well, it's been really hard—"
 Uhh
 It is? Oh-oh
" Oh, yeah, definitely. So profound. Hey, do you want to get out of here?"
" Come back to my place, maybe get a little more naked, honest and revealing?"
 What about you?
 Oh—Whoa.
 Huh.
" Well, he's still three kids in a trench coat, so, no."
 Are we talking about me again?
 Ehh.
 I think now's the time to finally make Secretariat.
" You asked me what I wanted to do. That's what I want. That's all I've ever wanted, and if I can't get it now, then all of this has been for nothing."
 Attagirl.
" Lenny, look, I know I'm a little long in the tooth, but I think that you more than anyone would know not to count out an old pro."
 Just set the project up and give me an audition. That's all I ask.
 Has whatever happened to me?
 What's going on? Why are you talking like that?
 Not to anyone ever at any time.
" Yeah, I'm getting pretty close over here."
 Unbelievable. When your powers combine you are somehow even more stupid than the sum of your stupids.
 You stop encouraging him and you stop encouraging him. The two of you are playing with fire.
 Fires aren't called things.
 I really appreciate you giving me this opportunity.
 Secretariat was kind of my hero as a kid.
" Well, you know, here was a guy who had everything—"
 Great. Let's get to it.
" Not today, ma'am. Today I'm just a customer who wants a warm slice of pie."
 You want to know the truth? Nothing.
" No, I'm running from nothing. I'm terrified of nothing. People come up to me, they want my autograph, they want my picture. They think they recognize something in me, and I want to be that person they think I am, but I'm not. They see a greatness in me, and they mistake it for goodness, but I— I know there's nothing there. As fast as I run, I can't get way from that."
 Andrew—Garfield!!!
 How's the pie here?
" Well, I'll take all you got. Screw it. Throw it in a bowl with some bourbon and bring me a ladle."
 Another one? What happened to your Halloween store?
 What?
" You're saying smoothies, right? Smoothies."
 I don't understand it. How do you drink a mood?
 So it is a smoothie.
 How do you drink a mood?
" But do you buy it in a store? I mean, what're the physical attributes?"
" See, that's the problem with all your ideas they don't have ground floors."
 Your product Smoodies.
 Do you even know what a smoodie is?
" Okay, here we go."
 What?!
 Hello?
 What's up?
 What? Are you serious?
 I am. I will. I can. I do.
 Yeah?
 Hey.
" Not big on parties, huh?"
 I think I just got cast in Secretariat.
 It's everything I ever wanted.
 What do I do now?
" Well, that's stupid."
" Wow, so we're gonna be working together again."
 I don't think that's gonna happen.
 Why would it be weird? You literally wrote the book on Secretariat.
" Well, you've got time. There's always later, right?"
" Do I remember that? Yeah, vaguely."
" Well, do you think I'm a good person deep down?"
" Well, that's depressing."
" For what it's worth, I think your writing does make a difference."
" I really wanted you to like me, Diane."
 Uh-huh
 Really? Huh. 
 I know.
 I know.
 I will.
 I can change and I will change.
 I can change and I will change.
 You're an audio-book.
" People all need to see. Yeah, a little to the right. No, house right. That's an acting term. It means left. I'm an actor. No."
" I had to get rid of the old couch, Todd."
" The couch was a metaphor for my old attitude. My audio-book told me I had to let go of the burdens of my life sofa. Oh, you know what? Maybe it was my life so far."
" Todd, no one can wake anybody else up. You need to wake yourself up."
 Uh-oh. I think someone needs a FAB.
" FAB, stands for fresh active BNA."
 Brand-new attitude. Try to keep up. ATTITUDE stands for attention to
 I value you. Hashtag thank you for being a friend. Hashtag PANTS. 
" Oh, my God. Oh, my God, this is the worst. This feels awful. Why does anybody run?"
" Hey, Princess Carolyn."
" Just out for a jog, thought I'd say hello. I jog now."
" Well, I drove here, but I moved my arm a bunch, so the Fitbit counted the miles."
 What happened to Laura?
" It's a beautiful day, though, right? Every morning is a miracle. Hashtag miracle. Hashtag every morning. Hashtag every morning is a miracle. Hashtag BoJack thoughts."
" You mean, am I amped? Because I am so pumped."
" Why would I blow it? I have a brand-new attitude. You know, when I won that Golden Globe last month, I went to a very dark place. I was in a hole. And I realized, I can wallow in this hole or I can change. and while I was tempted to go with the former, sometimes the only way out of a hole is a latter. No pun intended."
" Princess Carolyn, you gotta believe in the AHP of TPE. Huh."
 The awesome healing power
 of total positive energy.
 Mm-hm.
" Heya, work buddy, first day on the job, huh? Hashtag great day to start fresh at a new job, sincerely, BoJack. At Diane."
" Gotta save the planet, Diane."
" Mr. Peanutbutter, how the hell are you?"
" Brother, I am right there with you. I got a brand-new attitude and I am also loving life."
" Is that a new cone? Looking sharp, PB."
 Didn't even notice. Because you've got the smile of a winner.
" Hey, we've all been there."
" Hey, why don't we just us two schedj a hang for this kend? Kend is how I say weekend now."
 The Rolling Stones?
" You know, I'm not really familiar with that outfit, but I do love trying new things."
" Anyway, we gotta get to work. It was really great talking to you, Mr.Peanutbutter."
 Happiness is a metaphor
" Corduroy Jackson-Jackson. Oh, right, the underwear guy."
" Hey, man, that's fantastic great I-ran-out-of-things."
" Guys, could I get everyone's attention, please?"
 I just want everyone to know what an honor it is to be here. Secretariat has always been a personal hero of mine. It's a complex role that requires a precise touch and a deft hand and I just can't wait to tackle it head-on. It's truly an honor. Namaste.
 You got it.
 What are you doing here? 
" Oh, sure. Yeah, sad. Of course. Duh. "
  What are you doing here? That was bad. I know that was bad. Let's keep it rolling.
" Okay. What are you doing here? Did we get it? I can tell by your face that we didn't get it. All right, let me try again. What are you doing—? I'm sorry I am having trouble with the words. Is it okay if I play around with it a little bit? ""When did you get here?"" Sorry, no. Got it. Got it. Got it. Man, these lights are bright, huh? Can we kill these lights at all? Is that a—?"
" Okay, I'm sad. I'm sad. Acting sad. Secretariat is sad. Okay, here we go. I'm sad! Sorry, what was the line?"
 That's your takeaway? That your son's TV show wasn't Ibsen?
 That's
 Yeah it's
 Are you?
" Excuse me, can you check on our drinks? I would love some gin right now."
" Well, that's not"
" And you've always been a pillar of support. Gin, please? Is there gin coming?"
" Yes, a T-shirt. That is the worst thing that's ever happened to anyone in a theater."
 Here we go.
 Vodka? Triple sec? Looking for any alcohol.
" well, as long as one of us dies, that's good enough for me. Can we please get some alcohol into my mouth?!"
 Talk? Why? Why would we do that? So you can put everything we talk about in a book and sell a million copies?
" Sorry, that's what the old me would have said. The new me doesn't hold a grudge. No."
" What? Me? I'm as cool as The Fonz in a meat locker. That's a metaphor, Diane."
" Goddamn it. Oh, okay. Hello?"
 What? Who told you that? Was it Todd? Todd!
 Wha'?
" Yeah, I don't think she's coming back this call."
 What am I gonna do?
" Uh, Hey, Herb, can I talk to you for a minute?"
 Am I Am I a clown?
" But I am a good actor, right?"
 But should I be doing more? To capture the character and make the audience connect to its feelings?
" Oh, shit. I'm not an actor. All this time, I assumed there was more to me than everyone thought but maybe there isn't. That's the part where you're supposed to disagree with me."
" Well, how should I know? That was the old me. Now I've got a brand-new attitude. Oh, God. Okay. Okay. What should I do? Make a break for it? Drive to Mexico? Start a new life there? Meet a local girl? Fall in love? Talk my way into a job at a textile plant? Gradually work my way up until I own the place? No! What am I talking about? I can't run a textile plant, that's way too much responsibility. Oh, What am I gonna do? The walls are closing in!"
 Yeah?
" Yeah. Yeah, you're right. You're right. I can do this. I've got two whole days. And when the pressure's on, that's when I shine. Yeah. Two days. I can do all those things. Oh, shit. I didn't do any of those things. What are you doing here?"
 What are you doing here?
 No?
 What is this?
 Really?
 what?
" Wait, which Belushi?"
 I gotta go on Kimmel now too? What if he makes me read a mean tweet? I'm not emotionally prepared for that.
" I don't know. I thought I wanted this, but now I'm feeling all this pressure. Do you think you made a mistake, hiring me?"
 It's Command Z.
" I'm trying to have this brand-new attitude, you know, be this better, more positive guy, but I just keep thinking about how this movie is my last shot at happiness."
 What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here?
 What?! I don't have time for this. I don't wanna listen to your music. I don't wanna hang out. Get the hell out of here.
 Yes. That's the impression that you get.
" Yeah, but"
" Uh, what?"
" Are you talking to me, or you?"
" What do you want, Mom?"
 Do you need more blood?
 Oh.
 That was a diary.
 Mom
 What?
 Lubitsch?
 What are you doing here?
" So, at the end of the day, I'm just a regular guy trying to live a regular life."
" Uh, yes, I remember that. Why do you remember that?"
 What?! No.
 We don't need to dwell on the past.
 Uh No.
" No, I don't need"
 That's not Ugh
" No, everything is not all right. This table's been wobbling all evening. If I wanted to flop around and get seasick for an hour, I'd call your mother. Something in that area or?"
 What are you doing?
" No, I wanted you to leave more quietly. Some of us here are trying to forget you exist. "
" Hey, Todd, can you drive me to get my car?"
" I wanted to be responsible last night, so I Ubered home and left my car in the fountain."
" I realize that by saying what I might set off a chain of events whereby we continue this conversation, but what?!"
 I do not.
 No.
" Oh, yeah, that shut you up."
 You've been doing this for five years? How have you never mentioned it before?
" Okay, Todd."
" Sounds great, champ."
" and if it wasn't for that, she never would've gotten sober."
" Kind of busy here, Todd. So, it turned out to be a good thing I peed in her car."
" Okay, I get it. You are building your own Disneyland. Literally the first I'm hearing of this."
" Okay, but you do know that there already is a Disneyland?"
" No, I mean the real Disneyland."
 The one in Anaheim!
 Are we?
" What the? —Huh? Okay, you guys. You vultures are killing me!"
" Ah, the Valley. Because sometimes you wanna go where no one knows your name."
" Pinky? Hey, how are you?"
 How's the book biz?
 What are you doing here?
" Wait, she just got out of a 30-year coma and she's the head of programming at a major broadcast network?"
 Huh.
 BoJack.
 BoJack Horseman.
" Nah. You know what they say, you can lead a horse to roller, but you can't make him rink."
 Really?
" Actually, I was on. You know what, I'm sick of talking about me. Let's talk about you."
" Oh, jeez, got a couple of curly guys in here with the regulars. How hard is it to look before they bring it out? Excuse me, miss?!"
 What?
" Oh, yeah, I guess. Or like when Kramer was on Murphy Brown."
" Hey, you want to get out of here?"
" Yes, totally."
" Oh, my God, is it morning? We stayed up all night talking, and we didn't even have sex."
 Oh!
" Oh, yes."
 Something's wrong.
" I don't know, I feel weird, like I want to spend more time with you even though I know we just had sex."
" No, you don't understand. We already had sex, but I still want to spend time with you. Is that normal? Am I normal? What is happening to me?"
" I want to— do things with you. Fully clothed, sober, in daylight hours."
" I don't understand these feelings. Let's get food? Or walk in a park? Or—Oh, God, it's coming. I can't stop it. Do you want to go to Disneyland?"
" You mean, braces."
" Yeah, don't be so negative, Diane."
" You know I hate negativity. I mean, I don't hate it because that's also negative, but you know."
" ""You really think I'm the guy who busted that pinto's leg? 'Cause if I am, you should be a lot more goddamn scared of me."" — Hey! My girlfriend's here. Look, everyone! I have a girlfriend!"
 What are you doing here?
" Well, look at you, all professional. Like Natalie Portman in that movie where she was a professional."
" I wanted to make you feel at home, and nothing was bigger in the '80s than '50s nostalgia."
" Wanda, these last few days have been so amazing. You've given me a fresh start. In fact, it almost feels like I just woke up from a 30-year coma."
" Oh, no, not me. Her."
 And I'm BoJack.
 You've never seen Home Alone?
 No one does. It's just a magic box.
 Really it's just one thing. You can't count each individual thing as a different thing you have in common. That's like saying I have a lot in common with Kanye West because we both breathe air constantly.
 I don't trust that guy. I bet he's seen Home Alone.
" You're right, I'm sorry. Call me Snoop Dogg because I will drop it like it's hot."
" Oh, that was a lie to get you here."
" And there never will be. Sorry, I tricked you, but with Todd running his own Disneyland and character actress Margo Martindale in prison for some reason I don't remember, you're the best friend I've got right now. Now grab the binoculars. I need dirt on Wanda's new gentleman friend."
" but You do understand what my ""thing"" is with your boyfriend, right?"
" Slap my salami, the guy's a commie."
 If I could get everyone's attention. You're probably wondering why I invited you all here tonight.
" Right, but obviously, I don't care about that, so you're probably wondering the real reason."
" We have a special guest here tonight. Alex. Or should I say ""comrade?"""
" Oh, I forgot to explain that part. Alex is a KGB agent bent on destroying America."
 No! He's— It's not adorable! He's a Soviet sleeper-agent who doesn't realize the Cold War is over.
 That's not even good wordplay.
" He is literally a spy trying to destroy America, the country we all live in. How am I the bad guy here?"
" Yeah, I know but—"
 Seriously?!
" Could you get me a beer from the fridge? I didn't want to stand up. Wait, no. I don't deserve a beer."
 Why do I always do this? I push away everyone I care about.
 That's my problem. I'm too good at sabotage. Why am I so good at everything I do?
" You're right. I gotta win her back, put it all on the line. You know what? I think I will have that beer, can you get it for me?"
" Hey, grab a beer for yourself, too! Actually, I want both beers! Wanda."
 There's something I gotta say to you. When I was—
" Hey, I'm kind of already doing—"
 You what?
" Wait, Wanda, we need to talk."
" I don't care about that. Look, the great guy you've been getting to know, that's me. but that other guy, the guy from the party, that's me too and you need to know that. I'm not perfect. I'm cynical and I'm possessive and I can sometimes fly off the handle. I'm not always the best at being not terrible."
" But I want to be better, I'm trying to be better. And when I'm around you, for the first time in 30 years, I feel like I can be. Wanda, you make me want to be a better man."
 Yes.
 I want to give this a real shot.
 Move in with me.
" I know it feels fast. We barely know each other. It's crazy, but I like you. And sometimes you gotta swing for the fences, right?"
 Yeah?
 Thanks for coming out. Thank you very much.
 I was wondering where you wandered off to.
 Hey.
" Yeah, same for me."
 Yeah? Did he tell you anything else about it?
" Well, that, probably—"
" Oh, you did read that part?"
 I just wish there was something I could do.
" Wait, I haven't seen you in thirty years. You wanna go grab a cup of vodka? I—I'm sorry, the funeral. I mean, a bottle of vodka?"
 New Mexico? I thought you lived in Maine. I always pictured you there. A little house by a lake?
 Oh.
 Do you think everyone here read my book?
 Of course you didn't. Here's the CliffNotes version
 What are you doing here? You didn't know Herb.
 There's so much to hate about what you just said.
 What? I don't want that. That's blood money.
 I don't know. give it to some orphans or something. I can't deal with this.
 Huh.
" Hey, Joelle, I actually came here to be alone."
" Hey, this might be a stupid question, but were you always so—British?"
" Because I'm, like, 70 percent sure you used to be American."
" Hey, when was the last time all four of us were in the same room?"
" Come on, Sarah Lynn."
" Jesus Christ, Joelle."
" Guys, hey, hey, come on."
" Guys, can we just be civil for one day?"
 What's that supposed to mean?
" What? I never—Why would—? Wait, which one was your mom? Blond hair? Glasses?"
" It's not a party, it's Herb's funeral."
" Well, no one knows how to get under your skin like family, right?"
 Why are you all looking at me?
 Just take the disk from the guy.
 What are we supposed to do with a floppy disk?
" Nobody wanted Herb's office, remember? Because it was directly under tap dancing star Savion Glover's office. Let's go."
 Yeah. Don't you get it? Herb's giving us a reunion special. Remember how he always wanted to do a treasure hunt episode of Horsin' Around but the network said it was too edgy? This is that episode.
" Wait, so you'd rather just stay at this funeral and be sad, instead of going on a crazy adventure to find our dead friend's secret treasure? Do you have any idea how insane you sound?"
" No, that's not it. Herb clearly wanted us to do this, as a family."
" Yeah. He was my best friend and he died hating me and nothing I do is gonna change that, but Herb left you that disk because he wanted us to find his gold. If we can honor Herb's last wish, then that's—something. I don't know what, but it's something."
" Brad, hang on one second. Your mom wasn't—redheaded twins, right?"
 Okay.
 He sure did.
 Message deleted.
" Yeah, how could you like Horsin' Around but not the horse? That's like watching Castle but hating castles. I mean, I've never seen it. I assume it's about castles."
 How did you get here?
 Cut it out with your childish high jinks.
 Here's 10 bucks. There's a Squirt machine by the garage. Get five cans.
" Your mom, was her name Karen?"
" Something with a ""K""?"
 Nora? I don't know. I banged so many chicks in the '80s.
" Oh, this is easy. Try ""BoJack."""
" ""BoJack-BFF""? ""BoJack-I-Forgive-You""? Well, I'm out of ideas."
" So in that memory, were you British or American?"
" At long last, can you keep down the noise, keep down the funk? If tap dancing was gonna be a cool thing, it would have caught on by now!"
" Oh, shit."
 Herb's nurse is a bear. You think she knew about this gold?
 He must have been waiting for Herb to die so he could steal the book and publish it himself.
" Oh, my God. Guys, I don't think that car crash was an accident. I think Herb might have been—murdered!"
" Everybody, stop! Henry Winkler is a stone-cold killer!"
" You know that's not what I meant. You murdered Herb so you could publish his book in your own name. But we're not gonna let you steal his legacy, Henry Winkler."
 What?
" Well, I'll see for myself. ""The air in 1830s California was fragrant with the flowers of laughter and the smoke of adventure."""
" ""The carpenter's boy was a hungry boy. Hungry for crumpets. But also hungry, dot, dot, dot, for life."" He literally wrote out ""dot, dot, dot."""
" He's right. Herb wanted a legacy, but he already has one. People loved Horsin' Around. This would only ruin that. I'm sorry I accused you of murder, American TV legend Henry Winkler."
 I guess it was just easier to believe that you killed him for his book than believe that he just died—for nothing.
 I just wanted to fix things somehow.
" Thanks. Hey, why'd you roll up your sleeves like that? You look weird."
" Nah. Hey, we never got a chance to walk around the lot. Wanna check out that water tank where they filmed The Love Boat?"
" Oh, okay, okay. You ready? What?"
" Well, that's Hollywood for you. Hey. Are you—scared at all? That if the show takes off, everything's going to change?"
" Hey, we should go."
" Sorry, Wanda and I have to get to a prior engagement—"
 —a prior engagement party.
" Engagement, so it's a Prior engagement party."
 And we gotta get there early because of the Si—
 Silent—
" —auction, yeah."
 To benefit—
 Berto Eco's fight against heart disease. Uh—
 His fight against heart disease awareness.
" Too late, Todd. Save yourself."
" Hey, we should go."
" No, I don't think you bake Paul McCartney into the cake. You bake the cake first and then McCartney gets inside."
" Look, what happened back there is not your fault. That's just what happens when two people live together."
 Do you think maybe we're going too fast?
 I don't want to get in a fight. Just— we moved in together without giving it much thought.
" Sure, it's great now. But it could be not great later and I feel like I'd be a bad boyfriend if I didn't prematurely freak out about that. I mean, what is this?"
 Uh—sure.
 Ugh. Is this a joke about nature?
" Okay, okay."
 Orchid bushes?
 I'm sorry I thought you said this gardener was the best.
 And?
 That's the punch line?
 I'll say. Makes me think you forgot the rest of the joke.
" Oh, I got the narrative. That wasn't the source of my confusion. The confusion was about the joke not being funny."
 Everything doesn't always have to be funny. Just jokes.
" Listen, Wanda. I think maybe there's some things we kind of glossed over as we rushed into this relationship. We don't know each other at all. Maybe we should take a step back and—"
 A stick? Tree branch? Nothing?
" Yeah, that's the sound a stick makes when you hit it with your car. Fine. I'll see if the stick's okay. Hey, what are you doing here in the middle of the road? Are you crazy?"
" He's fine. He's in the woods. You know, you hit a deer and they limp off to the woods to— continue living their lives. What are you doing?"
" Hey, if you wanna go for a walk in the woods at night, go crazy, but I'm not going anywhere. Okay, knock yourself out. I'll wait here, just me and my tunes."
" Oh, no."
 Oof..
" Oh, God."
" No, thank you."
 What?! Damn it. BoJack to the rescue. We should definitely go back. Nothing more we can do here.
 What is your plan here exactly?
 What? What is it?
" Oh, right. Okay, now you're just showing off."
" Well, maybe you shouldn't wear camouflage track suits."
" Look, pal, I'll pay the bill, just—just let us get you to a damn hospital."
" Not standing in the middle of the road will also help, in the future."
 I am not going to hurt you.
 Starting...now. 
" Oh, great. Great."
" Well, is it a joke or is it a story? Because I'll listen to another story if you stop calling them jokes."
 Is the boyfriend's name Brandon?
 The ex-boyfriend?
" What? Oh—Wow, that is actually a really good joke."
" Why put the ""Skip Ad"" button so late? I'm not skipping now. I'm invested."
" Oh, right!"
" Oh! Whoa! Kelsey, ray of sunshine. And who's this little drop of Jupiter?"
 Your daughter's name is Irving?
" Well, aren't you a little princess? What are you doing here outside of the castle?"
 Whoa!
" Way to delegate, captain! Down low! Nope? Look down. Just put your eyes down. My hand is below your eye line. No?"
 I feel like Kelsey doesn't like me.
 Right away?
" But once they get to know me, they adore me?"
" The problem is we haven't gotten any one-on-one time. There are always other people around. Filming me. Feeding me. Walking me to the garage at night, because one time I saw a bag in the wind and I got spooked."
" What? No, I don't, stupid. You're stupid. Don't be such a dumb stupid idiot, Todd."
" Great news, blue-collar types. Instead of crew lunch today, your star has arranged for his favorite burrito truck to bring you lunch. It's me, I'm that star!"
" Or we could break for lunch, and you and I could get to know each other."
" Uh-oh, siesta time."
 We can take my car. This is perfect.
" Yes, I agree, but we can use the car ride to get some one-on-one. I mean, who is BoJack?"
" Every second you waste finding another ride, your daughter gets another second closer to getting her eyes poked out by a deranged mutant chicken, or worse, death, or slightly better, teen pregnancy, or worse again, salmonella."
" Yay! I'm calling this road trip the 007, because we are gonna bond. Up top? Down low? Either one? Both?"
" She was so horrified, she checked into rehab. So, I'm kind of the reason Drew Barrymore got sober. Did you like Never Been Kissed? because If so, you're welcome."
" I don't need you to like me. It would be fun if you liked me, because I'd prove to myself that my parents were wrong to never support me, because I now earned the admiration of an authority figure, thus proving I have intrinsic worth, but it's not a big deal or anything. Jeez."
 It's been acting screwy since I hit that deer a couple weeks back. Probably should get it checked out.
 Probably should've gotten it checked out.
" Just got to place the jack in the right jack apparatus. There, I have got— No, just kidding, I have no idea what I'm doing. That was me, acting. Pretty convincing performance, huh? Perhaps there's more to me—"
" I don't know. Some hick'll come by at some point, and I'll give him an autograph in exchange for a tow. Boom, his life's changed, and you and I are on our way."
" Yeah, Marla sucks, right?"
" Hey, I know terrible mothers, and you're not a terrible mother."
 There he is. Right on time.
" Listen up, everybody. I, famous celebrity BoJack Horseman, have an announcement. I'm gonna ask you to drop all charges against my friends on account of me being a celebrity. We gracefully accept the requisite slap on the wrist and a brief, but ultimately pointless, trial in the court of public opinion. Good day."
" Took care of that, too. Called in a favor with Drew Barrymore, and she'll pay off Chicken 4 dayz to adopt your feathered friend."
" You think Drew Barrymore doesn't have a frolicking meadow? That is the dumbest thing I've ever heard. You know, I learned something today. Sometimes, when you think something isn't about you, you find a way to save the day and in the end of the day realize that it was, all along, all about you."
" Plus, I got you all a burrito truck!"
 Yay! I'm great! 
 Yep.
 Nope.
 Did you hear that? New food truck. We should go.
" Sure thing, sport. Wait, where is it pizza day?"
" Oh, for—"
 I propped it up with a Golden Globe.
" Yeah. Anyway, I got you something."
" Yeah, you have a beeper, but I don't. Now, you can page me whenever you want."
" What? Boobs? Oh, my God. What scamp came up with that one? Okay, I gotta go. Dinner tonight?"
" Okay, love ya'. Uh—"
" No, I don't. Aw— ""I love you. No, I don't""? Uh— Keys. Uh-oh. Get out."
 Diane—
 Here's a funny question for you
" Uh—""Zero, zero, zero."" No idea what that means."
" Ignore. Wait, where's the ignore button? How do I ignore?"
" With what, my mind?!"
" Well, that's just because as soon as I'm done with work, I have to have a long, awkward conversation with Wanda about our relationship, unless I'm never done with work. Diane, you magnificent bastard. That's it."
 Mm. Yeah. Oh—
" Yeah, I know. I'm acting. Great. Now I gotta start all over. Settle in, folks. We could be here a while."
 Finish line.
 What? No. Why stop now? I'm just getting warmed up.
" Go home? Why go home when we could extend this long day's journey into night? Drinks on me, folks."
" Great, Corduroy's driving. Let's go."
" Me, too."
" ""Blue-face blastoff?"""
 What?
" Oh, right. Right. Yeah. The auto-erotic—"
 I can't believe you have so many names for it.
 we don't need to talk about how you masturbate.
" Okay, I guess we do."
" So, like a normal rainbow?"
" Okay, this is getting really graphic. Can we maybe please talk about anything else?"
 Thank God.
 Uh—
" So, noose-wise, what are we talking? You use a standard sailor's knot or more like your average birthday-present bow?"
" Oh, hey. About this morning"
 Because when I said that—
 Wha—what?
" So, last night when—"
" You can't just say, ""I don't love you"" to someone."
" Yeah, but that was different."
 Because you do love me. Right? Like a little bit?
" Shut up, Todd. Grown-ups are talking."
" Corduroy, what are you doing here?"
 Ew. Is this your Bible?
 Your kit?
" Yeah, I don't know if I want your jack-off kit at my house."
" Wait. So, you're saying if someone loves you, they don't want you to choke yourself while masturbating?"
 All right. I'll take it.
" I still don't understand why you need a kit, though. Can't you just use, like, a belt or a rope?"
 Hup! Oh—Hey.
 We need to talk.
 You're probably wondering what this beautiful mahogany box is.
 It's my auto-erotic asphyxiation kit. I've decided—to do the funky Spider Man.
" I came up with that one myself. It's because he hangs, then he shoots webbing."
 Yes. I do. Even though it's very dangerous and I could die.
" Now, if you love me, you probably wouldn't want me to do it—"
" — but since you don't, I should do it, right? I mean, there's no reason not to— unless you love me."
 Wait. Seriously?
" Only if I do it wrong. Because as I mentioned before, it's very dangerous."
 I'm serious. I'm really gonna do it.
" Well, I didn't do it yet, obviously. If I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna go all out. A big job like that needs lumber, and pulleys, lemons, so forth. I'm not gonna half-ass anything. This is my orgasm we're talking about."
 Not too late to stop me.
 Good 'cause don't.
 Todd? Get in the car. It's time to get serious about auto-erotic asphyxiation.
" Just play it cool, Todd. No one needs to know why we're here. Excuse me, I'm looking for something that will hold up a lot of weight. Let's say something that could hoist up a horse comfortably by the neck. Not for suicide purposes. I'm trying to have a more fulfilling orgasm."
" Still alive? Because auto-erotic asphyxiation is so risky? Well, here I am, for now."
" Yeah. Well, I was at the hardware store picking up supplies for my auto-erotic asphyxiation machine. Because, as you are aware, I'm preparing to auto-erotic asphyxiate myself and I figured I'd get stuff for the bed too, so at least you could get a good night's sleep."
 He is never gonna forget that.
 This isn't about anything but the pursuit of the kind of orgasm that feels like a rainbow with every color.
" No. So, if you don't mind, as long as you don't love me, I have a noose to step into. I just need to release this lever, drop these bags of sand, which act as counterweights, and then just pull this nozzle. Perfect."
" Wait, Wanda."
 I—I knew— it.
 What?
 That doesn't sound like me.
" Okay. Just for the record, I never really wanted to do this in the first place, So me not doing it is not a sign that I love you. It's just because I'm a coward."
 I don't love you.
 I don't. Come back here. I don't love you. You don't make me feel less broken.
" Corduroy? I don't want this thing anymore. Corduroy? Hey, you decent, man? Oh, sweet Jesus. "
 Now that's what I call horsin' around. Uh... Yeah.
" Hey, buddy, pass me that bottle of vodka?"
" It's open bar, don't be a dick."
 Do I know you?
" Listen, I'm kind of doing my own thing here."
" Listen, Peanutbottle, there is no ""guys like us."" I'm BoJack Horseman. You're just some other guy I'll probably never talk to again."
 Yeah?
 Oh. This suit needs more flasks.
 What? I don't do that.
 Please. We're going to Alaska. How am I gonna offend a bunch of inbred Eskimo blubber-munchers?
" Yeah, thanks for that, Diane."
" Well, the thing about that...Uh... It's a shame that Arafat walked away from the table in 2000. I mean, obviously there's no panacea, but a two-state solution with an emphasis on human rights feels like a place to begin."
 You won't get it. Ask the question.
" That's a great question. I'd also like to know the answer to that, Diane."
 I feel like we're getting off track here.
" Any questions about me, the handsome, famous horse with a book?"
 Fire when ready.
" Diane,I believe this question is for you."
" As would I, BoJack Horseman, Golden-Globe winning star of the book."
 I just wanted to say one thingabout me. I text and drive like all the time. What?
 You should probably just drop this.
 The way you said that made it sound like you won't drop it.
" Yeah, hi. I'm Diane's friend, BoJack. I came with her. I gotta say I'm opposed to child labor, like as a rule, but there are some kinds of labor that children are just better at. You ever try to fit into a mine shaft?"
"That is a tight squeeze. What? Oh, man, probably gonna get some letters about that, huh? I'm so incorrigible. Everyone's paying attention to me now! Okay, I'm gonna go get a snack. Anyone else want a snack? No? That's a no? On the snacks? Okay."
" I know. It's supposed to be my book tour and she's completely upstaging me. Like how it was supposed to be my book. Actually, this might be a thing she does."
" Sometimes she just whips herself into a frenzy and she loses all perspective. Goddamn it, honeydew?! Jesus, why does cantaloupe think every time it gets invited to a party, it can bring along its dumb friend honeydew? You don't get a plus-one, cantaloupe!"
" Hey, wouldn't your readers prefer something more relevant? Like, uh, what to do with all those extra buttons that come with your shirts."
" No, people don't want articles about that. People want life-hacks."
" Scarves, not just for necks anymo--"
" So, they hated the skorts idea, huh?"
 Don't you talk to her like that!
 Give it a rest. It's over. You lost.
" What are you doing here? I mean, what is your end game in all of this?"
" Of course not, but that doesn't matter. You're not gonna beat this guy."
 Todd?
 We're in the middle of something.
" No, most of the news has been about Diane and Hank Hippopopalous."
 You eat shit!
" Diane, obviously Todd doesn't know what you're talking about. He spent the last few days at Burning Man or whatever getting high."
" I am on your side. And I'm telling you you're not gonna win this thing. Also, P.S., when have you ever been on my side?"
 Really? Like when you wrote that book? Was that you being on my side?
 You manipulated meand completely took advantage of--
" Todd, nobody cares."
" Okay, yes. All of that is true. But also, you were my friend and you hurt my feelings. And it's weird that you never apologized for that...and that you still won't."
 Are you?
 Okay.
" Well, okay."
 Yeah. I'm in your corner.
" Hey, there are a lot of advantages to being the girlfriend of a big celebrity. It's more than being an elbow they couldn't crop out of a red-carpet shot in US Weekly."
 I'm sure I'll pick it up. How hard could it be?
" My bad, our fax machine isn't plugged in."
" Sweetie, no. I think this is stupid and a waste of everybody's time. But you're my girlfriendand I care about you. So I'm here."
" Listen to that crowd. If they lose it this much for Mr. Peanutbutter, can you imagine what they're going to do for a real celebrity?"
" When you say nice, do you mean kind? Or, like, delivering a lot of sick burns, so that people in the audience go, ""Nice."""
 It is great to be here.
 The what now?
" Uh, fine?"
" No, I don't follow--"
 What game?
 I don't--What the--?
" Uh, this is general knowledge?"
" I don't know, seven?"
 What is--?
 At the Movies Wit hMr. Peanutbutter.
 I'll say D?
 I'm gonna go with nuclear fusion.
" Oh, yeah, pretty good one from King Mutt over here. Am I right? You know, like King Tut? Because we're talking about Egypt? And Mr. Peanutbutter's a mutt, so..."
 You're kind of being a dick.
" I'm not ribbing you. I'm telling you, you're--"
" Did you guys all practice before the show, because--"
 Big celebrity?
 You didn't tell me there would be another celebrity.
" So, there was no mention of another bigger celebrity in the document you faxed?"
 That sounds like a shredder.
" Ehh... you, too."
" Hey, Daniel, good to see you."
" No, sorry, I'm not a, uh--I'm an actor"
" No, I already did hang in there. I'm BoJack Horseman? We've actually met before. At Chris Martin's holiday party? We stepped outside for a smoke? To get away from Chris Martin?"
You opened upabout your fear of success? I gave you some advice? You said I was a true friend and you would never forget me?
 BoJack Horseman.
" How could they possibly know that? This is the first episode, right?"
 Why are we playing for both points and dollars?
 My name is--
 What?
" Wait, are you ser--Oh"
 What are you doing here? I'm trying to write an essay.
" Why am I getting the hard questions, while Boy Wizard over there just has to know colors and literally grab cash out of thin air? Daniel"
" You know what, I got an essay to write, so if this isn't about the precipitous fall of the French ruling class--"
 I feel like that story had a lot of unnecessary details in it.
" Well, that's no surprise. Guy's been flopping upwards his whole career."
 C! 3500!
 Quantum tunneling. King Magnus the Second. Miss Scarlet in the library with the lead pipe. Sassafras. Butterscotch! Argyle. Because seven eight nine.
 What's going on is I'm kicking your ass.
" Well, tell Charity she can kiss my ass. By the way, your girlfriend has a stripper name."
 Thanks. It was touch and go--
 Are you asking me to throw the game?
 Okay.
" Piece of cake. Um, 1492?"
" Hey, yeah, you know, while we're talking about your wife, I've got a question. How come your wife flew all the way to war-torn Cordovia just to get away from you?"
" Or maybe she went to help herself get away from her awful marriage. Oh, was that too far?"
" Well, I mean--"
" Uh, I'm not sure where you're going--"
 How did you know about that?
" Wait, so you've known all this time?"
 Mr. Peanutbutter
 Because... I'm jealous.
 No. Of everything. Everything comes so easy for you.
 I want to feel good about myself. The way you do. And I don't know how. I don't know if I can.
" I'm sorry, Mr. Peanutbutter. I can't tell you how sorry I am."
 Shut up.
 What? 
" Wait, what?"
" No, it doesn't."
" Well, if it helps us move past this,I guess..."
 I wanna risk it all!
" Oh. Huh. Yeah. I don't know. When you're as famous as I am, you meet so many people, it's impossible to remember them all."
" Yeah. Oh, what is that guy's name? You know, it's on the tip of my tongue?"
" Yeah, I don't know. Gosh, I wanna say...Elijah Wood?"
 Groovy.
" Sorry, Mommy!"
 But I don't wanna.
 Are you punishing me for smoking or for stealing?
" Nobody knows where fires come from, it's a mystery. Anyway, I am fired up about my first day back on set. We're gonna finish that big Nixon scene. We were just one shot away before we went on hiatus."
" Usually I talk to Diane on the way to work, but she abandoned me to teach piano in Cordovia or something."
" You bet. Oh, man, I'm gonna kill in this Nixon scene. BoJack gonna be in ""da"" house. In da White House. What happened to da house set? Da White House set?"
 You cut the Nixon scene? The Nixon scene is the core of the whole movie. Where we see Secretariat be morally corrupted and get to look into the real darkness of his soul.
 Is one of the nieces Nixon?
 But we were supposed to make a gritty movie about the real Secretariat. Warts and all.
" Kelsey, you're okay with this?"
 Now I finally realize that a triple hug is way more valuable than a Triple Crown. 
" Kelsey, this is a nightmare. I had to touch three children today, and one of them was sticky. Yeah, it was you. Wash your damn hands, you gremlin."
" No, this isn't you. I've seen everything you've done. Your films are challenging and gritty, and they're great. I'm not just saying that because they're full of lesbians."
 There's one at the Nixon Library in Yorba Linda. 
" In season three of Horsin' Around, the horse got elected president and we shot on location. We can sneak into the library and get the shot, guerilla-style. Once Turteltaub sees it, he'll love it, and we can make the movie we both want to make."
 All right!
" Only for season three. In season four, it turned out it was all a dream. They called my airplane Air Horse One. And the vice president was a hip-hop zebra named Zebro."
" Yeah, It wasn't our best season. But on the bright side, was not our worst. Step one, we go to the Nixon Library...and steal the scale model."
 Here we go.
 Hang on.
" So the Oval Office is right here, next to the men's room. I remember because season three of Horsin' Around was a big cocaine year for me. All the pressures of being president."
" We're gonna need a crack team. First, we gotta get the best lock-pick in the city."
 Okay. The second best lock-pick in the city.
" Got it. A lock-pick. Todd, can you pick locks?"
 Great. You're in. We'll need an expert cat burglar.
" Hey, Princess Carolyn! Kelsey and I are gonna break into the Nixon library to steal a shot for our Secretariat movie. It's a super-sneaky, kooky caper that stands to benefit you in no way. Are you in?"
 You shut up!
" Hey, you got a problem? Take it up with my agent, your downstairs neighbor Princess Carolyn. We'll need someone to play Checkers."
" You know what, we can probably do it without you."
" The more I think about it, Checkers wouldn't even be in the shot. It's just a single on Secretariat."
 You know what? Forget I even asked.
" Okay. Finally, we'll need a criminal mastermind."
 I need your help with a break-in.
" Okay, so Kelsey, Mr. Peanutbutter and I are gonna break into the library. But the problem is, the place is crawling with cops."
" Yeah, nice work, Todd."
" Now, we need to lose the cops. So the rest of you will create a diversion by breaking into the only other place in Yorba Linda of cultural significance the Discount Fine Art Gallery in the strip mall, between the tanning salon and the adult bookstore. Once you set off the alarm, all the cops will go over there. Now, things could get ugly. One of you is very likely to die. Possibly Alan."
" Alan, you already know too much. You're a part of this now, like it or not."
 We're almost done.
 You're right. I'm sorry.
" Let me guess, it was all a dream?"
 We didn't mean to cause trouble. We're trying to make a movie about Nixon.
 The second one?
 Because...we couldn't find anyone who could appropriately capture his magic.
 You? No way.
 We've found our Nixon.
 We only gave him a line so he wouldn't call the police.
" No, we won't use it in the movie. We only need the one-shot of me."
 Actors.
 Oh. I don't cry in front of other people.
" Yeah, okay, but I don't cry in front of other people. I can't."
" Well, I'm sorry, I can't do it. I didn't know you wanted me to cry."
" Look, I know what you're gonna say. I'm a dumb sitcom actor who's in over his head. I'm sorry that I thought I could do this. And I'm sorry I made you come here. I'm sorry for everything. I don't know what I'm doing."
 Really? I didn't cry.
Oh. All right.
" Didn't know I had it in me, did you?"
" Hey, where's Kelsey?"
 What?
VWhat are you doing here?
" When she got that wine delivered to the house, I thought that was her thank-you present, that she was leaving, but then she just drank the wine. "
" Todd, I don't recall accidentally ingesting poison, and yet here you are trying to make me vomit."
 No. Kites are sky trash.
" You sure we got it, Abe?"
 Really? Because that kid sneezed in the middle of my monologue.
 You sure you don't wanna get another take? Just for safety?
 But Secretariat never actually taught math in South Central.
" Yeah, but--"
 I guess.
 I think so. Is that the move where a French girl pours soup in--
 Okay.
 Aah! What are you--?
 What?
" Sure, but no one's gonna hire me after this movie comes out. The script turned into a piece of shit, and the director is a total hack. Good guy, total hack."
 Theater? That's what real actors do.
 She?
 Jill Pill?
 It sounds like the kind of thing I should be doing now. Something artistic and bold.
 New York's a great city to live in for six months and not a second longer and only if you're insanely wealthy. I can't wait!
 That is not what I thought coq au vin was. But it's great.
" Yeah, I can't wait to finally work on something good, you know?"
" Although I gotta hand it to your husband. It has been a really painless shoot, even though the movie's gonna be a piece of shit, am I right?"
" Hey, it's fine. Abe knows what we're making. Right?"
 Are you kidding?
" Did that hurt your feelings? I mean, you're the one who said we're not making Casablanca."
" Wait, you literally meant we're not making the actual movie Casablanca? "
 I think there was a misunderstanding.
 What?
 Because it's a different kind of pie?
" I wasn't trying to antagonize him. He said, ""It's no Casablanca."""
" Course, you're happy about it. You didn't want me to go to New York in the first place. Lucky me, I get to stay here and work on this movie that's gonna ruin my career."
 Diane does raise some good points.
" No one cares, Todd."
 Stop.
" Stop. No, stop it."
 Not a suggestion.
" It's a cult. And I know. I learned a little about cults during that year I was a Scientologist. Coincidentally during that year, I read a book about cults."
" No, Scientology is not a cult. Improv is a cult. I wanna be very clear. This is about improv."
 Yes.
" So, hey, hi. How long are you thinking of staying here? Just for my own reference."
 No one is making me do anything.
" Well, yeah."
 And what happened?
" I'd love to stay and wallow with you, but I gotta head out. Today we're filming what used to be the scene where Secretariat commits suicide, but is now a scene where he swims in a fishing hole with his girlfriend ""Susie Side."""
 Hmm.
 She was an orphan. She had a tough life.
" I was gonna, but then I remembered everything is garbage, so why bother doing anything?"
" Yeah! Go home, Goober!"
" Hey, Goober! Get murdered!"
" Shut up, Todd."
 Boo! Party foul! You knocked over Bucking-can Palace.
" Listen to this guy, ""clean it up later."" Hasn't picked up his shit in years."
 What?
 Hello?
 What? I don't know. The normal kind.
 I guess. Why?
" They're suing me? Also, are you wearing comfortable shoes? Because that was a long road to walk to get to that punch line."
" So, we're not just doing bits?Because you started it with the pants thing."
" Darn tootin'. I may be a professional racehorse, but I'm tired of running in circles."
 Anything you want me to do differently?
 I'm tired of running in circles.
 I'm tired of running in circles.
 I'm tired of running in circles. I'm tired of running in circles. I'm tired of running in circles. I'm tired of running in circles. I'm tired of running in circles.
 We did it. What now?
 What?
 Where? Why?
 I'm not really in the mood for--
 Oh.
" All I've ever wanted was to be in this movie, and you just want me to put on a happy face--"
" Yeah, that's easy for you to say."
" Well, come on. You're a network executive. You don't give a shit about work."
 What? You have a lot of pride? Your job is to pump out garbage every year hoping some of the garbage stinks less than the rest so you can quietly renew that garbage and keep failing sideways until you retire to a three-point-five bedroom garbage in Beverly Garbage and spend the rest of your life watching your former assistant's garbage.
" Great house, great career, great life! Must be why I'm so goddamn happy all the time! You don't know--"
 My life was ruined by a network executive like you.
" Well then, what are you doing here?"
 Same thing that always happens. You didn't know me. Then you fell in love with me. And now you know me.
" So, Wanda's moving out. "
 No. Because of me.
 Why won't you go home?
" The longer you keep lying to him, the harder it's gonna get."
" Yeah. I mean, for a little bit."
 For a little bit. But then... Probably...
 But there has to be more.
 You said if I was in town to give you a call. Wanna get a drink?
 It's 5
 I don't know what time it is.
 Really? 'Cause you look like a million...
 What about the store? What if somebody has an emergency and they need more...turquoise shit?
" It's good to see you, too."
 Kyle and the kids? Please tell me that's the name of your band.
 Your mom never mentioned she used to hang out with the BoJack Horseman? Star of screen and... book?
 Never came up? All these years?
 Am I the old man?
" Well, Charlotte told me if I was ever in New Mexico I should call her."
" I, uh..."
" No, of course not. That would be crazy, to come all this way just to see a woman I haven't had a real conversation with in 30 years. I mean, obviously, that would be crazy."
" Because she has a family, which is great."
 You guys are great.
" So, I'm just here to, you know, say hello."
 On my way to see...
 Yes. To the sea. To the shining sea. Because I'm here to buy... a boat. At the... Santa Fe Boat Show.
 That's 'cause... it's a secret boat show. Invitation-only.
 Mostly athletes and visiting dignitaries and big-time celebrities and... kings.
" Jeez, so many questions. What is this, Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities, What Do They Know, Do They Know Things, Let's Find Out? Oh, gotta take this. It's my... boat... guy. Hello?"
" Hey, Knute. You got any leads for me, boat-wise?"
" Sounds perfect, Knute. Now tell me, do we need a poop deck?"
" Well, if Leo has one, then I want one."
" In fact, I want two, two poop decks. Sorry about that. What's going on?"
 Tesuque.
" Tesuque, New Mexico. Outside Santa Fe."
 Just get me a couple of days.
" I don't know, I just...This isn't what I expected."
 I have to go.
" Soon. Yep, I want the starboard to be fully starboard."
 And the port to be... also starboard.
 Thanks a lot. Goodbye.
 Hey. 
" Oh, yeah... uh, me, too."
" Why would it be weird?  At our age, it's weird if you don't have a family. I mean..."
 No.
 Right.
" Sure, yeah, my career has kept me super busy. "
 I really don't want to impose. If there's anything I can do to help around here--
 Huh?
" Well, I guess I could make some time...before the boat show. Keep your eyes on the road, both hands on the wheel."
" And don't text and drive, unless it's an emergency, like you have a really funny thing that you just have to text someone."
" So, let me ask you something. Tsk. Do your parents really love each other, or is it a stay-together-for-the-kids situation?"
 I don't know. I'm just making conversation. Why do we keep passing the same house?
 You shut up. What's the story? Cute guy live there? Girl you hate? Weird college kid that gives you Adderall?
 Cool thing.
 Do I really need to know these names?
" You know I don't know any of these people, right?"
" If you're so mostly chill, why do you keep driving by his house?"
 That's the whole plan?
 I didn't... like the person I was in L.A. And I didn't know where else to go. Please do not tell your parents.
 What are you doing? What happened to your plan?
" Yeah, deal."
 I don't see what's stopping you.
 I junked it. Who needs a car when you got a boat?
 Please stay out of the bedroom.
 Who? The boat? It does not.
" That actually is a good name for it, the nongendered object."
 Are you flirting with my boat right now?
 Knock yourself out.
" Yeah, sure did."
" Oh, I, uh...Yeah, I guess, uh... I guess I did...do what I came here to do."
 Yeah? I don't wanna put you out.
" Uh, everyone?"
 What?
 Jill Pill? I don't care about this.
" Whatever it is, I don't care."
" Hey, uh, I'm not gonna be back on set Monday."
 I think I might be here a while.
Yeah?
" So, I had another meeting today with the Drama Chair at SFCC. I think they're gonna offer me a position."
" There's a real stick-in-the-mud dean there who doesn't like my in-your-face style. If I know me, it might lead to some pretty zany misadventures."
" That's right, buddy. String a bunch of those together and you got yourself a riff."
 That is so typical Diego.
 Oh. Rookie mistake.
" Well, I don't want to tell tales out of school, but this Lyla K. character sounds like a real bust-ass super-skank."
" Penny, hey, I got an idea. You should take me to the prom. Everybody loves having BoJack around."
" Think about it. If you went with Diego, you'd be nervous. ""Does he like me? Am I cool?"" But with me you can just relax and enjoy yourself."
"Diego will see you have a good time without him, and that'll make him super jealous. So, he'll come up to you, and he'll say, ""Hey."" And then you say, ""Hey."""
 Right?
" Then he'll say, ""Wanna dance?"" And you'll say, ""I'm busy right now. Maybe later."" And then... never dance with him."
" Stop poking holes, Charlotte. This is a great plan."
 Everything?
 Okay.
 Cool.
" Whoa, hold on. Responsible adult. What are you drinking?"
 Hand it over.
" Ugh. Red Bull and vodka? What are you, 12? You'll gonna get sick drinking all that sugar. Do they teach you anything in these schools? Make a left at the light."
 I'm gonna get you kids some bourbon. And you're gonna cut it with water. That way you don't get hungover.
" If you're gonna drink, you should be smart about it."
" Yeah, 'cause it's not a juice box."
 Pussy.
" Shut up. She's got nothing on you. Why is nobody dancing? We gotta get this party started. Beat it, Poindexter."
 It's a nerd reference...Just beat it.
" All right, folks. We're taking it back to 1991, when a new funky-fresh dance craze took this nation by storm."
" Ready for the chorus, stay on the beat, and here... we... go. Waka waka. Now boys and girls, if you wanna do the BoJack, take your hands and put them on your--"
" God, no! This is not the immediate praise I expected."
 Or we could go back to the car and just leave.
 Of course you can. You're young. You can do whatever you want. That's what they never tell you until it's too late. You don't have to be here.
" I'd say it's time to get down, time to hit the town."
 Just get in the car.
" Okay, one... two... three."
 I don't know. It just came to me.
" Well, you wanna dance?"
" You know, you look just like your mother."
 She just had too much to drink. Take her back to your place. She can spend the night.
 I'm being careful. 
" Maddy's gonna be just fine. They'll know what to do here. Pete, you're in charge. Penny and I are gonna take off."
" You don't want too many people around in a hospital setting. If anyone asks, tell them we left the dance early, and you don't know where Maddy got the whiskey from."
" It's one thing if a bunch of kids get drunk on prom night, but if there's an adult there, it's like I was supposed to be the responsible one, and then the whole thing feels kind of creepy."
" I'm the adult here, and I need you to listen to me. Penny and I left early. You don't know who gave Maddy whiskey. Are we clear on this? I need you to be 100 percent with me here."
 It's gonna be okay. Where did Maddy get the alcohol from?
 And what happened to your friends BoJack and Penny?
" See, that's not so hard. You're doing the right thing. Don't forget that."
" Is it okay? Or ""okay"" okay?"
" All right, that's what I thought. You're the future of America! Go, Penny! Go, go, go!"
 She'll be fine. It's a part of growing up.
" I...Look, sometimes when you're an adult, the right thing isn't always the best thing."
 I'm glad.
" Well, you're welcome, Penny. Whoa, Penny, come on."
 With your mouth?
" With your mouth? What kind of health class--? Look, you are an amazing person, but you're 17."
" Okay, that's not--"
" Penny, no."
" No, you think you do, but...You don't know what you want."
" No, Penny, don't---I'll see you tomorrow."
 She had a big night. She was falling asleep on the ride home. Where are the boys?
" Hey, do you remember that one time you, me and Herb let those balloons go over Studio City?"
Yeah.
" True, but--"
" But it's a nice memory, right?"
" Before you left town, you told me L.A. was a tar pit. Do you remember?"
" Well, do you still think it's true?"
 Me?
 Ugh. Now you sound like my mother.
" I don't know what to do, Charlotte."
 I keep... making these bad decisions. And hurting people.
 Is it a long joke with no punch line?
 Then go ahead.
" ""Don't do that."""
 That's actually... good advice.
 Let's go. Let's get out of here right now.
" You and me, this is real. You know this is real."
 I don't care about your husband. All that matters is us.
" I know you feel it, too. So many times in my life I've done the wrong thing, but this is the right thing, and I have never been more sure of anything. I've wasted so much time sitting on my hands and imagining what could have been. Tell me you don't feel the same. Tell me you haven't thought about it."
 Okay. Tomorrow.
 Charlotte--
 You do.
" No, please. These last few months have been amazing. I love you, your family and this town."
 I never wanted to hurt--
" I'm sorry I kissed you. I shouldn't have. We can pretend it didn't happen. Everything can go back to normal, but--"
" Please, don't make me go back to L.A. "
 Okay. What are you doing here?
" Go to bed, Penny. Wait, what?"
 No.
 Charlotte.
" Charlotte, I am so sorry---Don't. Don't you dare. If you are not out of my driveway in 30 minutes, I will call the police. And if you ever try to contact me or my family again, I will fucking kill you."
 Hey. You're still here?
 Hey. You're still here?
 Stop it.
" Ow. Okay. I'm awake, I'm awake. Aah! What is it? If the studio wants to sue me, tell them to take my house. I belong to the sea now."
 Only on adventure. And gin. And vodka. And gin.
" What? How? Explain yourself, land wench."
 What orphanage?
 I do... not remember that.
 What?
 A hero?
" You cannot call it that. A, because I am not a great man and B, because that is a really stupid name."
" Thank you for that lovely song. But I'm not a good person. This is the only good thing I've ever done and I did it by accident. And it just goes to show you life is just... Ah, what am I saying? I don't have to tell you how hard life is.You're the ones with the dead parents."
" No. No. Not necessarily. Maybe they just didn't want you. My point is, I don't understand how people live. It's amazing to me that people wake up every morning and say, Yeah, another day, let's do it. How do people do it? I don't know how."
 I'm sorry I bailed in the middle of production. If there's anything I can do.
 Really?
" Help you out of that tree, ma'am?"
 You did all that in the computer?
 I'm not in the movie at all?
 But it's not my performance.
 Are you actually Jewish? Because I feel like some of these you're just making up.
 Hey.
" Oh, where?"
" Comedy cruise line? Oh right, your improv thing. How was your, uh, graduation show?"
 Sorry.
 Well...
" I don't know why everyone keeps asking if I remember things. I don't. Just as a general rule, if your question begins, Do you remember and doesn't end with how much you hated Moulin Rouge, the answer's no."
 I don't remember any of that.
" Good. Honestly, you'll probably be better off without me."
 Did we?
" Yeah, okay. Hey, Todd?"
" And as I held that baby in my arms, I knew I had been given a second chance. A chance to finally make things right. And this time, I was gonna win...the race of life. Whoa. That was actually good."
 But it wasn't Secretariat. And it wasn't me. It was a computer.
" Thank you, it's--"
" I don't have to thank my parents, do I?"
" No. Well, define ""weird."""
" I mean, occasionally."
 Thank you.
 They don't love me. They don't know me.
 Are you saying that nobody who really knows me could ever love me?
 What am I doing here?
 Todd.
" Todd, it's me, BoJack."
" Todd, I'm getting you out of here."
" Okay, well, here's a suggestion, your name is Todd. You're 24, you live on my couch and you've always seen the good in me somehow."
"You've been brainwashed into thinking that you belong here, but you don't. You belong back home. If you're any kind of improviser, you'll take that suggestion and you'll run with it."
 What the hell are you gonna do about it?
 You can't be serious.
 Seriously?
 Machine?
 There is literally nothing happening to you.
" So stupid. Fine. I guess I have a guard killing machine? Beep, boop, beep."
" This whole ship is full of idiots. Beep, boop. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on, Todd. Almost there. "
 I invited him to.
 Hash browns.
" Oh, my God, do you ever turn it off? It was hash browns, not pancakes. The first morning you stayed with me. You kept making them and I kept eating them and then I threw up in the pool. That made you throw up in the pool. Then I got mad at you for throwing up in my pool. But, you said, I'll clean it up."
 No. You didn't. I had to call the pool cleaner.
" And you said, Thank you for letting me stay here. I don't have anywhere else to go. And I remember when you said that, ""I don't have anywhere else to go,"" because I felt good about myself. And I don't feel that way a lot. Letting you stay with me was the best thing I ever did on purpose. I don't think I ever told you that. But I should have. Because you're my best friend, Todd."
" Uh, I don't remember. Hello? Prince?"
 Jill Pill?
 Horsin' Around?
" Other TV show? Oh, shit. Jill."
 Yeah.
" Herb loved orphans. Mostly as a delivery apparatus for hackneyed punchlines and mawkish sentimentality, but still."
" What? Jerb Ka-- Why does it say ""Jerb Kazzaz?"""
" No, obviously that was a typo. Why would I want to dedicate the orphanage to the memory of Jerb Kazzaz?"
 You gotta fix this.
" Jerb's kids? No, there's no Jerb. It's Herb."
 Yeah. He would.
 Yeah. You wanna get some Mediterranean food?
" Oh, God. Lungs on fire. Ow. Crap. I hate this. Running is terrible. Everything is the worst. Oh, my God. Oh, my God."
 Huh?
 Yeah?
 Okay.
 It's a dream come true.
 Sitting here? In this hotel room? It's a dream come true.
 Dream come true.
 Dream come true.
" Just a couple days of fun interviews, then it's off to Chicago for more fun interviews, and then, if I don't blow my brains out, I get to go back to L.A."
" Right. Sorry. I am so thrilled to be here, talking with, uh..."
 Yahoo Finland. Are you Finnish?
 Walked right into that one.
" Any award recognition is just gravy. The real joy is to sitin this hotel room all day, answering the same question sover and over again."
" Just write a script for me, so I don't have to think for myself."
 I don't know. You'd have to ask Tobey Maguire.
 Pass.
 Horsin' Around was not a sucky show.
" It lasted nine seasons. Its whole purpose was for people to watch it so the network could sell ad time, so the show could make more money than it cost to produce. It did that well. It was a good show."
 It didn't suck!
 Why? Millions of people loved it!
" Okay, I hear what you're saying, but we can both agree Horsin' Around was a good show, right?"
" If anything, Stalin was ruthlessly efficient. Get your head out of your ass, Diane."
 Endless. It was like the second act of a Judd Apatow movie.
 I am exhausted. Being a movie star is the hardest job. And we get no recognition.
" Ladies, please. There's plenty of BoJack to go around. I can do all the bullshit things Ana's scheduled for me in the morning and still have time for Princess Carolyn's bullshit thing tomorrow night. Now, pajamas. Whaa! Todd?!"
" What? No, you're in New York. Follow-up why are you in New York?"
" I can't get to sleep. Oh, God. Yeah, that'll do it."
 You better not have gotten your failure stink all over my important movie star clothes.
" Sorry, I didn't mean that. You're my friend and you don't stink of failure. Your stink is one of good intentions and youthful exuberance."
 What? You're already on a call.
 Do I need to be on this call still?
" Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter."
" I'd love to, buddy, but I'm kinda in New York right now."
 I don't want to--
 What the hell is happening?
 Who are you asking?
" Don't get lost, buddy!"
 Just coffee. Don't need to talk to it at all. Thanks.
" Thank you, Jill."
 Cuddlywhiskers? I haven't talked to him since the show was canceled.
" I'm sure he's fine. I mean, who returns calls?"
" Fine. Listen, about the play..."
 Right.
 Okay.
" Boy, did New York do a number on you."
 I'll stop you there.
" I'm not interested in being rebirthed. I'm still recovering from being birthed the first time. Jill, I'm not the guy who does things that are challenging, or edgy, or covered in milk. I'm about to be nominated for an Oscar. I'm thinking about my legacy now. I want to do things that connect with people, things that last."
" No, I know, but see, years after I die, people will still be able to see me in Secretariat."
" And then...I'll be remembered. If I win an Oscar, I'll be remembered."
 Then my life will have meaning. I don't know!
Two hours long without an intermission?
" What do you mean, What's next? Why does everything have to have a next?"
" If you want the real BoJack, there's a book written about that."
" Who's BoJack now? BoJack is just... He's a guy who could use a drink, that's who! Should we order alcohol?"
" Trust me, you do not want me to do this sober. You don't need to micromanage everything, okay? I'm not your puppet."
" Garcon, dos whiskey sours, por favor? Actually, make it tres. And whatever the lady wants."
" She's a human, but yes."
" Again, a human. I like where you're going with this."
 It made you wet?!
" Oh, okay."
 Uh...
 The first thing you notice about BoJack is he's got a nice buzz going.
 What the hell does that mean?
 Okay! A manatee and a horse making out with each other. Just like in nature.
 Remember that episode of Horsin' Around where Sabrina wanted to be a mermaid?
 I'm pretty sure that never happened on the show.
 And they're off!
 Yeah. But I don't need you to talk.
 What?
" Sorry, I just... Give me a minute."
" No, no, just... Why did you say that thing about the boat? "
 Just forget it. You ruined it.
" There's nothing to talk about. It was a misunderstanding, that's all. She just walked in at the worst possible...It-- It wasn't my fault, uh, right?"
" On the boat, there was a girl."
" In New Mexico. And she trusted me. I keep asking myself if her mother didn't walk in, would I have done it? And part of me is sure that I-- I couldn't. But another part knows that's a lie. How do you make something right when you've made it so wrong you can never go back?"
 Yeah. All my life that's all I've ever done. What's it gotten me?
 I'm not even in it. That's not me.
 I was digitally replaced. Special effects. None of it's me.
 I shouldn't even be here.
" Oh, shit."
" No, it's 7"
" Let's say, hypothetically, you had some information about me. You were gonna write about it, I wanted to stop you before you could get it published. What would be a smart thing I could do in that situation that would change your mind?"
" No. Diane, not everything is about you. For once, I have a problem, and I need your help."
" I don't have time! It's already three hours later here! Thanks a lot. Once again, you've been no help whatsoever. Spoiler from the future, you suck. Sorry, you don't suck. I'm just...very stressed out right now. Bye. Oh, come on, come on."
 But I haven't even--
 But...
 Huh?
 Did you get the ice?
 What did you do?
" Ana...There-- There was a moment back at the hotel where...I really thought I blew it, I was scared it was all over, and--And then after, I was relieved. I don't know if I should win an Oscar. I don't know if I want to."
 I was in New Mexico.
 What is my story?
" Yes, I do."
" Being Secretariat isn't just about running fast. Secretariat's a state of mind. It's about doing the right thing, standing up for yourself. Why, I look around and I see a whole room full of Secretariats. You are Secretariat. And you are Secretariat. And you... are Secretariat."
" Yes. Actually, I imagined it a lot. I always knew I was more than just a dumb TV actor. Even if other people didn't always know that. Seriously, though...that TV show...it wasn't me. This movie is me. And I can't tell you how great it feels to finally be doing the kind of work that I can be proud of."
 Whoa.
 Yeah. Wait. Why did you think that was weird?
" So it's not because I did that talking penis thing, right? Just the general concept of us sleeping together that's weird, right?"
" Well, you sure you don't want to just hang around for a little bit? I got no plans."
" If Marv brought me something good, I would do it. Besides, I'm still decompressing from my last gig."
 Really? Where does the time go?
 Don't climb up my ass. I invited you to play hooky and hang out with me. I got a new HD DVD player. Let's get wrecked and get Shreked.
 We agree. It's not a thing.
 Definitely not a thing.
 Yeah.
" Finally someone brings me an adequate amount of Lokos. Are you trying to get me drunk? You were trying to get me drunk. Where are you taking me, what am I wearing?"
" Is this a fedora? What am I, Jason Mirzizzerzaz?"
 You know who.
" I have a script for you. It's called ""The BoJack Says No Chronicles"". Fade in, Princess Carolyn's car. Princess Carolyn ""Hey, BoJack, you want to do this dumbass thing?"" Act break. Act two. BoJack turns to Princess Carolyn. BoJack ""No, thank you."" End of episode."
" You see, this is why I don't go out amongst the not-famouses."
 Huh.
 That show did so much for the way society views krill people.
 Did you try spending the money on things?
 Hi.
 Uh...
 Want to tell me about the show? I hear it's great.
" Yeah, I got it."
 Huh.
 I got it.
 And then Cuddlywhiskers said
 We were like Heidi and Spencer up in there.
" Nah. Timing's really off right now. iPhone's coming out this year, I need to gear up for that."
" I mean this in all seriousness, professionally or in bed?"
 Because his show sounds incredible. And what if... I'm not? What if there's a reason the only thing I'm known for is Horsin' Around?
" Jeez, sleep much?"
" Well, I couldn't sleep. I kept thinking about today's first read-through. These thingsare always so nerve-wracking, to sit there and perform for all these people like some kind of a--"
" Very funny. Before I forget, I got you a present. "
 Thank you for putting this whole thing together. Even though I still can't believe I let you talk me into this. Promise me everything's going to be okay?
 Mm-mmm-mm.
" Goodbye, old friend. "
" That's the worst part of America. Other than the bottom, the top and most of the sides."
 Huh.
 You heard what the network said.
" Exactly. The network loved it. Obviously, we're playing it too safe."
" Before that got sad and weird, you said, If you want my opinion, and we don't. Cuddlywhiskers, you told me you wanted to do something different. Now we're doing something that's gonna be just as good as Horsin' Around. Is that what you wanted? That's not why I'm here."
 I'm not taking career advice from somebody who's been an assistant the last 14 years.
 What do you think you are?
" Here's some free advice you should know. Why don't you leave this to the grown-ups? Somebody needs coffee, I'll give you a ring."
" Cuddlywhiskers, let's give ourselves one night to stick our dicks in this script and go balls deep into the universe."
" How do we make it clear that this isn't Horsin' Around? What if in the very first scene, we show my character literally taking a massive dump on a VHS copy of Horsin' Around?"
" I want this character to be really edgy, the kind of character Denis Leary would be offered and then say"
" Like if every time he entered the room he was like, Whassup, bitches? Not that, because that's horrible. But something like that."
 That is so dumb.
" Yes, put that in. Put all this in, this should be the show."
 Yes. This is brilliant.
" Oh, my God, yes. Just him turning the page. A close-up of my eyeball. The real shit, they never show that. Wow, we did it. We stayed up all night, but we really made something new and different and daring. We've changed everything but the title."
" Oh, Cuddlywhiskers, I don't know what to say."
 Something like that.
" So, the island's purgatory, right?"
" Hold that thought. Hey, Princess Carolyn, you came."
 I know I haven't called in a while. I've been really busy. 
 Ouch.
" Yeah. After tonight, it's no more Aren't you the horse from Horsin' Around? From now on it'll be, You're BoJack Horseman."
 How about a kiss for good luck?
 You did?
" Hey, buddy, slight change of plans. Call it off. Call the whole thing off."
" Call the network, cancel the whole thing. Nobody wants to see me take a dump on a Horsin' Around VHS."
 Easy for you to say. It's my name on the show. This is why I didn't want to do another TV show. Everything was perfect.
" Yes, I am."
" Whassup, bitches?"
 What happened to my birthday cake?
" Go home, Goober."
" Hey, Jill."
 An elementary school all inclusive non-denominational winter day pageant.
" Jesus, Jill. And you thought your play sucked."
" Well, regardless. A lot of these fancy kids' fancy parents are Oscar voters. If I wanna get nominated, I got to rub elbows and whatever the non-denominational word for schmooze is."
" He's doing great. Little of this, little of that. Likes to go jogging... in a big wheel."
 Completely forgot.
" Oh, I'm sorry. Did you miss the three wise people make their journey to visit the regular baby?"
" Oh, fine, if it'll finally make you stop calling me, asking me to go on errands. What do you need?"
 That was not enough time to prepare.
 I remember it fondly. And horribly. What's in the letter?
 Are you in the Academy?
 Then I don't care what you think. I got to go do a thing for someone.
 That is literally the first time anyone ever said that to me.
 Mind if I do this real quick? I gotta pick up a letter.
" Oh, sure. I haven't seen you much since you moved out of my deck chairs."
 And avoiding me?
 Oh. 
 I always tell people you're like the not-cool version of me.
" Yes, okay. Professional. BoJack and Diane being professional. Doing our jobs and nothing else. We're at the place I needed to go to. It's so weird I drove here on accident. Might as well run in and grab that thing I need to get. Then, back to business."
" Really? And what would be the right amount of spooky? Jesus, this thing's heavy. Now I know how Hilary Swank's arms got so jacked."
 Does it look weird? Me with an Oscar?
" Hold on, maybe she's not dead. Maybe she's just being a-- a whale? No, she's dead."
" Diane, kids these days don't call. They communicate via a combination of text messages, eye rolls, and dick pics."
 What is it? Dick pics? See if they spell out a message.
" Oh, man."
" Listen, Officer--"
 Eh...
" Uh, who's Nadia?"
 Now I know her name is Nadia.
 Although I am trying to branch into more serious roles.
 Let's get out of here.
 I did not know you were such a klepto. I can buy you a new phone.
 BoJack is going to kill me?
" Oh, my God, we're gonna be late for the Bat Mitzvah. We got to get to Brentwood. At this time of day? It's gonna be... murder."
" I can be two things at once. I am very concerned, but also very proud that today Tovah is a woman. Hi, BoJack Horseman, potential Oscar nominee. I am kvelling over here. Real verklempt. Shabbat shalom. Shabbat shalom."
 Shabbat shalom to you.
" Good thinking. If I go to jail, that will throw a monkey wrench into my awards campaign. The Academy does not look kindly on murder. Rape, they don't seem to have a problem with."
" Backstrom, turn it down a notch. Aren't you supposed to be tweeting for me? This is a crucial weekend for BoJack brand awareness."
" No, obviously. "
" Hey, Jill. You're not trying to frame me for murder, are you?"
 Can you take this seriously?
 I've been pretty tied up at Drake's cousin's Bat Mitzvah. Did you know Drake's cousin was Jewish?
" This is why I couldn't live in New York. Everyone's so bossy. Also, what's with the pizza by the slice thing? Hey, New York, either eat a pizza or don't."
" Yeah, super familiar. Something about that voice made me want to tell it to go home. It's Goober."
" That guy never went home. Except for that one episode Goober Goes Home, because we were on a softball team together and the home was home plate."
" Okay, good. Because I absolutely want to get to the bottom of this. Can we at least wait until after they lift the chair? That is my favorite part."
" You're not putting emojis in, are you? BoJack don't tweet emojis."
" Oh, hey... you."
" Uh, yeah."
" Okay, buddy."
" You got it, Goober."
" Okay, maybe I will."
 Uh...I want to say Goo... bert. Goobert?
" No, we did, but--"
 Yeah.
" Ugh, gross. Private dance? But if that's the only way she'll talk, then fine."
" But really, guys, gross. Start it now. But gross. "
 You're not?
 What do you know about Nadia's relationship with Cuddlywhiskers?
" What do you mean, system?"
 I know what the word system means--
 How do you not know about BoJack? I am very famous.
" Hey there, fella. Can't wait for you to see Secretariat, think you're gonna love it. Hey, old pal. Hope you remember how to vote."
" I know I should go, I'm invested in figuring out who's trying to frame me for murder. Are you sure you wanna go with me? Outside of work hours? I wouldn't want to be unprofessional."
 I make you unhappy? Is that what you're saying?
 Of course.
 No one's happy all the time. You have to focus on the small things.
 Like winning an Oscar.
" Hey, old pal. Look at this guy, still alive. Hope your voting finger works."
" Oh, my God."
 Let's definitely follow that guy. Ladies first.
 Ohh. Whoa.
" Oh, my God."
 BoJack kills?
 Was that necessary?
 See what?
" Fine. Now, boys and girls If you wanna do the BoJack Take your hands-- "
 Thank you. Finally.
 Huh?
 What? 
" What? No, Goober."
 I actually seriously don't.
" Why would you implicate me in your drug business? Wait, I get what happened. You resented me all these years. My fame, your obscurity. You made me the face of this drug, because to you my face is a symbol for the opiate of show business."
 Huh?
 What?
" Uh-huh. Uh...Oh-- Oh, okay. Yeah, right."
" Oh, right, Reggie."
 That's what I said. I said Rickie.
 What do we know?
" No one tried to frame me. All right, back in the Oscar race. Look out, Jurj Clooners."
" Whales are mammals, Diane."
 You said it's not just the whales.
 Cuddlywhiskers. What was Nadia doing in his backyard in the first place? What was this system? And where is he now?
" Oh, yeah, the letter. This mystery has too many things."
 You're doing 50 in a 35.
 This letter is really graphic. It's all about their magical nights up at the Ojai property.
 She wrote out the sounds. What is a sploink?
" Sure. He always loved to disappear up there. After our show got canceled, he went there for six months. It's funny, at the time no one knew where he was and we got really worried. Anyway, wonder where he went this time. Oh, you know what?"
 Huh.
 Everything okay?
 Sorry.
 Oh. Because you're sober?
" Can you believe that guy? What a nut, right?"
 Why do I have to go to this thing?
 I can't just go to Cannes?
" Hey, I stand by my critique of Sartre. His philosophical arguments helped tyrannical regimes justify overt cruelty. Also, the French smell and I hate them."
" Someone had to tell him The Horse Whisperer was offensive. Sorry, but real horses don't just do whatever someone says."
 If you say so.
 Fine.
" Fish. They're so annoying. Sorry, lady. No habla fish talk."
" Yes, I know what a thumb's up means. I'll be fine."
 Kelsey? No.
 I haven't talked to her since she got fired from Secretariat.
" God, I haven't been underwater since my mother tried to drown me in the bathtub when I was 22. I can't do this, Ana. I'm sorry. "
 I'm getting off.
" No. I don't want to do this. You can't make me. I'm a land creature. I don't belong down there. You can lead me to water, but you cannot make--"
" Kelsey, in this terrifying world, all we have are the connections that we make. I'm sorry I got you fired. I'm sorry I never called you after."
" Oh, you have got to be kidding"
 No.
 Stop.
 Please stop.
 What are you doing?
 How do I get out of this conversation?
" Oh, good lord. "
 It's all over. My career is gone.
" Festivals don't matter, Todd. It's so you can get some leaves on your poster. But this is the real world now. If this doesn't hit big this weekend--It's-- Oh! Oh, God. Oh, no!"
 Why would you make me wait for it? That was a terrible time for a wait for it.
 Awesome.
" Excuse me, my good man. My movie, starring me, the movie star, just opened. We'd like to sit at the bar. Drinks on the house."
" Yeah. Beat it, Kiefer."
" Everybody loves a movie star, Todd. I'm gonna get a lot of love. I want you by my side, soaking up the spillover and feasting on my discarded leftovers."
" Tonight, we're riding a rocket straight into the sun. You won't get left on the launchpad just because nobody knows your name."
 I think you mean BoJack. BoJack Horseman.
" No, BoJack. Why do people keep saying names that aren't my name?"
 Why is everybody not talking about me for a moment? This is concerning.
" Yeah, duh."
 You mean Horsin' Around?
 Thank you?
" Yeah, I got it."
 You're being very clear.
 You don't have to keep--
" Thanks. I love you. By which I mean, you're terrible."
" Wait, did you say there's a wedding?"
 Whoa! We gotta crash that. Boring regular people love it when movie stars show up and drink their alcohol. They jizz their pants for that shit.
" I'm sorry, Todd. Are you a movie star?"
 This is not the time for one of your weird stories that go nowhere. We've got a wedding to crash.
" Buenas noches, amigos. Let's get blasted. Right?"
" Thank you, thank you. Let's get to the reason we're here. And no, Uncle George, I don't mean the chocolate fountain. You know, I don't know Karen and Taneisha super well, but I do know how precious and rare it is to find that one missing puzzle piece who completes you. And when you know, you know. You know? So congrats to the happy couple for knowing. Okay, as they say in the movie business, That's a wrap on BoJack. Let's hear it from some of these bridesmaids."
" Oh, yeah!"
" Hey, Todd, you must be a real cool dude if a movie star wants to hang out with you for no reason. Just wanted to give you a key to the room I booked, which nobody is in right now. Winkity dinkity."
 Maybe you two should just go see if the bed works. A lot of these rooms have faulty beds.
" All right, Todd. Yeah, go."
 Uh...
" Wow. Weird turn of events, huh? Nobody's fault, right? I'm gonna jet."
" Yeah, talking sense into people isn't really my thing. In fact, I'm better at the opposite. I once got Nic Cage to buy Charlie Chaplin's mustache on eBay. That was his last ten bucks."
" Hey, Taneisha?"
 Stop doing that. Nobody should be thinking about the things I say.
" Taneisha, nobody completes anybody. That's not a real thing. If you're lucky enough to find someone you can halfway tolerate, sink your nails in and don't let go, no matter what."
" Yes, thank you, exactly. Settle. Because otherwise you're just gonna get older, and harder, and more alone. And you're gonna do everything you can to fill that hole, with friends, and your career, and meaningless sex, but the hole doesn't get filled. One day, you're gonna look around and you're going to realize that everybody loves you, but nobody likes you. And that is the loneliest feeling in the world."
 Hey.
" Oh, my God."
" Nine out of ten? If you were an airline and landed nine out of ten planes, you wouldn't exactly brag about that in your commercial."
" Hey, Diane. Diane, Diane, Diane."
" Young people and their phones. There could be a beautiful rainbow in this room right now and you would have no idea. Really makes you think, huh? Can you look at rainbows on your phone?"
" I'd buy it. She is not a fan, and for good reason. We were up in the Poconos, she and I..."
 What's up your butt tonight?
" I would seriously like to know what crawled up your butt, made a home for itself in your butt, started a family, lived a fruitful life, and then died up your butt."
" Whoa, that takes me back. I had more than my share of abortions in the '90s. I didn't get them, I paid for them. I really hope all those women actually got the abortions, and didn't just keep my money. "
" Why? Because I lost, I'm a loser, so I have to drown my sorrows in scotch?"
 I could use a scotch.
 Jurj sucks. What does everyone love about him? He's not a god. He's just an old guy who loves pranks. 
" Jurj, hey, man."
" Yeah, good to see you."
" Todd, why don't you do the grown-ups a favor and go find your own shadow?"
" Jurj, I loved you in The Nazi Who Played Yahtzee. How do you get in the head of a war criminal?"
" Totally. I think I'm getting the hang of all this now. You won last night, the other guy won tonight, maybe I'll win next time."
 Huh.
 Well--
" Jurj. He likes pranks, huh? I'll prank him. I'll prank him real good. We'll need to draw him out. What do A-list actors like?"
" Yeah, limos. We'll get a limo. I'll need one of those caps, I'll be the driver. I'll pick him up, and he'll be all like, I'm Jurj, I suck, and then I'll be all, Surprise, and hit him with a bat. Pranked!"
" Yeah, it's a bad prank on purpose to show how stupid pranks are. That's the point."
" I'm working on levels here, man. To the limousine repository. Good afternoon, Mr. Clooners."
" Of course. Bring the publicist. Oh, shit."
" I said, Auschwitz. You're the Nazi who played Yahtzee."
" Uh... okay, yes, ma'am. Here I go. Driving, driving."
 I don't know
 Okay.
" Okay, we're here, finally. Get out."
" That's it. Enough. I am not your driver. It is I, BoJack."
" I was gonna prank Jurj by hitting him with this bat, but you got into the car because, apparently, you are a two-timing liar."
" All this time, I thought you believed in me. This is why your clients win every year. You represent everyone. It has nothing to do with whether you're a good publicist or not."
 Not to me. You're doing great work for this asshole who loves pranks.
" Yeah, with a bad prank to show how stupid pranks are."
" No, it's a bad prank. That's my point. Pranks are dumb."
 Not my publicist. You're fired.
 I do. I just did.
 Not your problem. Get the hell out of my limo. 'Cause I gotta pick up a bachelorette party in 30 minutes.
" All right, new publicist. What do you got for me?"
" What? No, I didn't."
 Did you think I was Bo Jackson?
 Why would I do that?
 How does it get my face out there dressed like a gorilla?
 Ana?
 You dropped Jurj? Jurj Clooners? Sexiest Man in America Jurj Clooners?
" So nobody else, huh? Good. Just all your hopes and dreams pinned on me. Somehow beating the odds and winning the highest possible accolade in an actor's career."
" Just me, huh? Wow, that's actually. That--Is someone standing on my windpipe? Let's just get Jurj on the phone so we--"
" Okay. Whoa, Ana, what are you--? Oh, boy."
 Oh. Ana...
" Okay, but--"
 Yes.
" Ow, too tight."
" Ouch! Oh, please."
" Yes. God, yes."
 Hey. Goddammit!
" Don't put me on hold. Do you know who I am? I just won a Baby's Choice Award, the winner of which has gone to take home the Oscars even of the last 15 years. So, yeah, that BoJack Horseman. Otherwise known as the guy you keep sending your dumb newspaper to even though I never subscribed to it."
" I never subscribed to the L.A. Gazette. I do not read the L.A. Gazette. I have called this number so many times to stop sending it to me. Yet every morning, I open my dooron a new edition of the L.A. Gazette. It's like I'm in a boring episode of The Twilight Zone."
" Yeah, sure, I'd love a glass of ice water."
" It wasn't a problem until recently, because up until a week ago the boy who lives with me used the paper to make a giant paper-mâché Todd head."
" I live with my best friend, Todd. Good kid, but sometimes he gets ideas to do things."
 Yes. What the hell is that?
 What? Why?
" If I made a giant papier-mâché me head, would you stop eating my food?"
" We do have an infestation, of Todds. Look at that, they're getting bigger."
 No. Todd abandoned the project as soon as he started working on Cabracadabra.
 That's what I said. What's Cabracadabra?
 Why does it have to be my house?
 Why?
 I felt guilty.
 Todd had this old girlfriend. I met her a couple weeks back.
 Hey. What are you still doing up?
" Then you came to the right place. Should we call Todd, see if he wants to join us?"
 And what do you want?
 My kind of girl. So then we had sex.
 I was lonely? She was there? Why does anyone have sex with anyone?
 What?
 Yeah.
" Agreed. A wonderful, sexy mistake for you and a regular mistake for me."
" Nothing, obviously."
 Neither do I. That's why we won't tell him.
" That feeling is you selfishly trying to assuage your guilt. If you cared about Todd, you would keep this a secret forever."
" When you were a little girl, did you ever do that thing you said?"
 I think it's gonna be fine. Why would it even come up? Not like there's any reason the three of us would ever be in a room together again.
 No.
 Todd's house? This is my house.
 What? Why would that be weird? What are you implying?
 Literally nothing going on.
 Yes. Your stupid business is gonna be very successful.
" Glad that's out in the open. We all know what everyone was thinking, we don't need to ask any more questions or do any wondering about mysteries."
" If you'll excuse me,I need to go watch a sport."
" The worst part is things have actually been going really well with Todd. Our friendship is in a really good place. Last week he said, Did you know the wiener dog is neither a wiener nor a dog? Instead of saying, Shut up, Todd, I said, Okay."
" No, man, I think I'm just a dumb asshole. Can't it just be that?"
" Yeah, you know, I think that you're definitely hitting on something real that I would love to drill down into, but I gotta go to this marketing meeting now. Which is so annoying because I totally want to keep talking about that thing you're talking about. But marketing meetings, right? I mean, they're so important. Can I call you back tomorrow?"
 Great. Bye.
 Weird.
 Why did you tell us that whole story?
 I don't know.
" If everyone loves it, why do we need a new ad campaign?"
 That's very considerate.
 I kind of like this one.
 It's actually really powerful.
 I don't know.
" All the pictures of me, they looked backwards. When I looked at the mirror ad, I was seeing me as I see myself and I thought there was something beautiful about that. Intimate, almost."
 But you've got the heart of a champion.
" Isn't that the point of the movie, that anybody could be Secretariat?"
" Yeah, couple times. We have a very complicated relationship. It's complicated. If our relationship was a Meryl Streep movie, it would be Doubt."
" Okay, you know, I gotta say I don't feel like I'm in charge."
 I'm not throwing a tantrum-- Why are we having sex in my car? Can we at least go back to your place?
" I don't know where you live. You control every part of my life, I don't know anything about you."
" No, I do. I want to be known and know others."
 I know you and I know what you want. This is exactly what you want.
 Better question Why am I still getting the L.A. Gazette?
" No. I want to cancel my subscription because newspapers are dumb. I feel I'm very clear on this point. Every morning, someone knocks on my door and says, Throw away this garbage for me."
" Well, I have had trouble sleeping."
" Oh, God."
" Can you keep it down, please? Some people are trying to sleep."
 You're basically shouting.
" No, because then I'll hear the psst, psst, psst. And I'll be up all night  wondering what you're talking about."
 I don't know. Dumb stuff. Forget it. Can't sleep here. I'm gonna go sleep in my boat.
 Character Actress Margo Mart--?
" Is this one of those situations where everything we discuss is confidential, due to customer service rep-client privilege?"
" Then yes, Margo Martindale is living in my boat. How long have you been in here?"
 I know what lay low means.
 And you've been living here ever since?
 The Good Wife? How did you go on a nationally broadcast TV show with no one catching you?
 And you're the one who's been stealing our food.
 Why did you throw a plum on the floor?
 I'm gonna go sleep by the pool.
 Yup.
 You bet.
 Yeah.
 Let me tell you something about the L.A. Gazette.
" Oh, right. Well... If we're gonna work together and also have weird kinky car sex, I wanna know something about you."
" Gross, is that true?"
" Well, that worked."
 That's how she left things. But then I followed her home.
 She lives in this tiny apartment in the Valley. I could see her through the window and I just watched her being... normal.
" But it wasn't good intimate, like when you see your mom cry. It was bad intimate, like when your dad writes a poem about Lena Horne's nipples, makes you read it out loud so he can hear if it scans."
" Yeah. She was right. It's so sad that when you see someone as they really are, it ruins them."
 About what?
 I don't know that joke.
 Yeah. Psychiatrists are idiots.
 What the... I'm on the phone.
 On the phone. I don't want to talk to anybody. What I want is to have control over my own life. Which is why I'm begging you to please cancel my delivery of the L.A. Gazette.
 I promise you I do.
 Live inside the beast? That's a mixed metaphor. But... you're right.
 Thanks. You've given me a lot to think about.
 Ana...
" No, I know that it's exciting to remain mysterious and in control, but control is a myth. That's a conclusion I came to recently by myself."
" I don't want to go home tonight. I want to sleep in your bed, I wanna see what you look like waking up. You are a beautiful, sexy, fascinating, terrifying woman. And I want to know you. I'm not afraid of that. And you don't have to be, either."
 And I want to go with the mirror ads for Secretariat.
" Ana. This is my campaign, I know what I'm doing. Call up Turteltaub and tell him I won't be pushed around on this. I'm the star and what I say goes."
 I didn't think this part through.
" Hey, Sarah Lynn."
" I'm sorry, what thing?"
" Wait, slow down. Did you say Ethan Around?"
" Hold on, if this was a real thing, why would Brad call you and not me?"
 Are you sure this whole thing isn't just a semi-lucid fever dream from mixing the wrong pills?
 Really? That's incredible.
" What? No, just stay sober."
" Well, that's troubling. Can you believe they're doing a Horsin' Around reboot without me?"
 Not the point. This is about respect.
 You're doing a new showin the extended Horsin' Around cinematic universe and you didn't call me?
" So? We could write around that. The Horse dying was just a dream. The Horse had a twin brother, comes back as a ghost. Ethan missed the Horse so much he built a robot Horse as a tribute. I've heard of overloaded motherboards, but this is ridiculous. Those are off the top of my head, they're all gold."
 I wouldn't say I'm attached...
 Right now?
 Is that a thrill you experienced?
 Great. Why did you let me call him?
" If I'm doing that, I conveniently won't be able to do that dumbass Ethan Around show. Use that when you tell him I won't do it."
 I can't. I'm like a father figure to him--I slept with his mother.
" No. I slept with her 20 years ago. She was young then, not gross. Hey, loved you in The Caveman's Valentine. Nothing? The Caveman's Valentine? Samuel L. Jackson had that big beard? Look it up. When you start laughing, call me."
 Wow. Flight of the Pegasus. This must be what Robert Downey Jr. felt like when he woke up on that stranger's bathroom floor and found out he was gonna be Iron Man.
 You couldn't have told me this over the phone?
 The new year? That's tonight.
 Did you talk to my agent by any chance?
" She didn't call you? I talked to her, and I don't know if she wants me to do it. You know how agents are. Just remember, I'm not the bad guy here."
 I think my schedule's gonna be tough--Might be going to New Zealand.
 Those bastards got my quote so damn high.
 And I do want to do it. Get me out of this thing. This asshole's giving me everything I ask for. What a nightmare.
" I can't. It would destroy him. Destroying people is what I pay you to do, so I don't think about the people I'm destroying. Do you not know what an agent is?"
 Kelsey? That's what I said when they said you wanted to meet with me. I figured you never wanted to see me again.
 So the reason you think I'm right for the role is because I'm a big enough star to secure funding?
 You're really giving the hard sell here.
" For work or, like, in general?"
 It's a Pegasus. Unicorns are for babies. 
" You're right, that one scene we shot that didn't even make it into the Secretariat movie was the best thing I ever did. Why am I wasting my time with this other stuff?"
 Let's do it.
 Kelsey's movie sounds perfect.
 I don't want that anymore. I want to do something real.
 This isn't about money. Doesn't matter to me.
 Right. So what's the problem?
 Why is my house filled with sexy orcas?
" Oh. Uh, where's Emily?"
 She certainly didn't feel comfortable paying for the food she ate.
 Hey.
 I do want to do your movie.
 What?
" Kelsey, this is a mistake."
" Princess Carolyn, I'm dying."
" My heart is in my stomach, my stomach is in my butt, and my butt ran away with the spoon."
 Can you come over? I need you.
" I ordered a few feel better pizzas to feel better. It did not work. Then I sprinkled happy pills on them, and washed it all down with a Please, God, make my pain go away vermouth and ice cream float. Somehow I feel worse."
" My show was terrible. Why did I insist on a mockumentary format? It's already an overused trope now, in 2007."
" Yeah, people! It's not me."
 Everyone's dumb and I am great. Why do I always forget that?
 I'm starting to think this show is the best thing that happened to me.
" Yeah. It made me realize you're the best thing that happened to me, with your sexy cat eyes and your cute little hair curl. You look like a soft serve strawberry ice cream."
" You are so much more than that. You're my lighthouse, my Garmin. You're the little plastic table they put in pizza boxes to keep the pizza from getting smushed. You're Princess Carolyn."
 What?
 Did you just say something to me?
" Well, can you be wistful a little quieter? Not everyone is interested in your wist."
 You smell nice.
 I know you're not really on the phone.
 I'm not planning on staying long.
 That won't be necessary.
 I'm not sure if a Catwoman is really the best thing for my career right now.
" Listen, Princess Carolyn--"
 You mean sweating bullets?
 How does sweating bull's nets make sense?
 Haven't you lived in America for 30 years?
 Critics are the worst. That's my review of critics. Two thumbs down! Four percent fresh! One star! You all eat a flat butt!
" This place runs itself. Right, Sandro?"
 Even his wife and kids and therapy man agree.
 That's not--
 Or didn't handle it.
" Okay, you're forcing me to use the cards. Princess Carolyn, clear throat, I have been very disappointed--"
" Yeah, what is this?"
" Oh, my God."
 You're making this up.
 This is just stream of consciousness.
 You're fired.
 What? No.
" No. Honestly, just--"
 We're headed down a road that--
" Well, now you are fired."
" So that was weird, huh? Please stop looking at me. Too bad about Sandro, huh? You're the one who's fired, obviously."
 PC.
" Great, but you don't represent me anymore."
" It's best, for both of us, if we end this relationship once and for all."
" You take me for granted, made decisions that were against my wishes, and worst of all she's got my globes a-warming! How did that get in there?"
 A punch line to a joke from the roast of January Jones.
 It's an important issue. Here we go. Our relationship no longer has any--January has only gotten hotter and hot--Nope.
" No, but I wrote some jokes in case someone got sick and they needed a backup."
 I guess I thought that my agent could get me in the mix if Jason Sudeikis--How did these get out of order?
" I don't know. It's a work in progress. Professional integrity! Our relationship no longer has any professional integrity. So it's gotta end. Stand to leave. Shouldn't have read that part. When you reflect on this, you'll see it's best for us. Exit restaurant. Goddamn it."
 This has nothing to do with Ana.
 No.
 I'm not doing whatever she says.
" I understand from context what you mean, but there's no way b'thumping is a thing."
 You screwed up!
 Too portly for TV? Who said that?
 It does. Who said it?
 Luis Guzman said I'm too portly for TV?
 Hey.
 Hey! Hey! Hey!
 You do not talk to me like that and walk away.
 Hey!
 Not now.
 Where is everybody?
 Just do what you normally do.
 Tonight's your lucky night. You just got promoted.
 You're the chef! Start cheffing!
 You're thrilled to have me out of your life? I was such a burden all those years.
 Know what I think?
 You like being there to rescue me.
 Nobody cares!
 You like it when I'm a mess. Because it makes you feel good about yourself. Guess what? I never asked for that. You ask all the time.
" Okay, great, more abuse. Right on schedule."
" BoJack, you're such a big, stupid asshole. BoJack, why were you even in the bounce house, dummy? BoJack, you wasted my thirties! "
" Didn't have to, you're always saying it. And I don't like being around you, because I feel bad. You make me feel bad."
 It's about a lot of things. Where are you going?
 What? No.
 What does that have to do--?
 Who?
 That's enough out of you.
" Just so you know, this wasn't an easy decision."
 I agonized over this. Ask Ana.
" Yeah. I respect her opinion. Paws not claws! Paws not claws! God, you're strong. This is exactly the kind of unprofessionalism I'm talking about."
" Yes, I do. But not here."
" I can want that and also want professionalism. A sex-mommy who keeps her boundaries, is that too much to ask?"
 Is it any wonder I don't want to be around you? All you do is tell me I'm a terrible person.
 I'd love it if you said ten nice things to me.
" Ready when you are. Does self-pitying masochist count, or are we starting from scratch?"
" You hesitated, that means it's a lie."
 That's not a compliment. So is Kim Jong Un and Teri Hatcher.
 So I'm a clown to you? Like Joe Pesci in Home Alone?
 I don't know how you put up with me.
 I'm doing this for both of us. You understand?
" I don't-- I'm not-- You know that I don't do the whole love thing. Either you end up hurting someone or they hurt you. So, what's the point?"
 This sucks.
"  I don't know. Maybe if you're good at putting out fires, you just run from fire to fire and don't really think about--"
 This night has been a disaster.
" It's called a char, dumbshits."
" What are you doing? No, go home."
 How should I know? Do I look like an expert in cooking oils?
 What are you doing?
 Fine. This isn't one of those things where you save my ass so I feel obligated to give you your job back.
 Thanks for your help. Sure. How do you know how to do this?
 So standard rich people stuff?
 How come you never told me that?
" That's not true. I remember the first time we met. I went to see Marv. You were at the desk in front of his office. I thought you were cute and you said, It's good to see you again. So I guess we'd met before."
 Really? I don't remember that.
 So you've gone from daughter of a maid to head of your own company.
 Don't try to guilt me.
 You'll figure it out. Princess Carolyn always lands on her feet.
 Why are you an agent at all if it makes you so miserable?
" Just 'cause you're good at something doesn't mean you have to do it. I'm good at driving sober, but I don't relish the opportunity."
" I do love you, by the way. I mean, as much as I'm capable of loving anyone. Which is never enough. I'm sorry."
 A billion stars?
" Oh, God, get out."
 I could drink.
 What's the second time we met?
 Which episode?
" Oh, yeah. Nancy Reagan was the guest star. That woman was the real actor in the family."
 And then what happened?
" I'm a real jerk, huh?"
 Just about.
 Thanks. You're a good friend to me.
 Yeah?
" Yeah. I mean, I think we are. Or I think we can be. "
 Princess Carolyn
 No.
 Whoa.
 I feel...I-I feel...I feel...the same. It happened again. Why do I keep thinking things will make me happy? What is wrong with me?
" Uh... Oh, God, I'm drowning. I feel like I'm drowning."
 That is a terrifying story.
 I don't deserve this. I'm not a best actor.
 That's literally the only thing they're about.
 I was right. I am one of the special people.
" What are we doing just sitting here? I just got nominated for an Oscar. We gotta party like it's 1982, the year Prince released 1999."
" No. Tell them I want my free Tesla parked in my goddamn living room. I'm BoJack! Yeah, now we're doing it! Look at us partying."
 You get a load of this chili cheese fountain? Grab a handful of beans and go to town.
" That's a funny way of saying congratulations. But not funny ha-ha, more like funny Doonesbury."
" Well, thank you for that, but I'm actually doing great. I direct your attention to the aforementioned chili cheese fountain!"
 You are not gonna make me guilty about leaving Princess Carolyn.
" Honestly, I don't even know what you're doing over there. Tweeting for celebrities?"
" When I met you, you were so cool and interesting--"
 You used to actually care about shit. What happened?
 I never said you were a bad person. I just said it's not you. And you know it's not you.
 These are my friends.
 Tes-ley.
" I don't know why it's so hard for you to believe that I could be happy. I'm not like you, okay? I don't fetishize my own sadness."
 Sure.
" Hey! I know that you can tweet for a living in a house in Beverly Hills that your husband bought, or you can think you're better than everyone, but you can't do both."
" And again, I say, sure."
" No one's gonna be there when I kill myself? Listen to that chanting, Diane. The chanting don't lie. There's going to be plenty of people around when I kill myself."
" Hey, Ana, can I ask you something?"
" So, if I win the Oscar--"
" Right. But after that, what's gonna happen to us?"
" What we have. It's more than just an Oscar campaign, right?"
 What?
 Mr. Peanutbutter!
" Better than okay. I'm wonderful. Thanks to you, you wonderful man. When you said my name this morning, you changed my life."
" Hey, did you see Erica here? She was looking for you earlier, with her good eye. Her other eye was looking to the stars."
" Yeah? What's going on, buddy?"
 What?
" No, before that."
" No, I don't care about your brother."
 Did you say I'm not nominated for an Oscar?
 I'm not nominated for an Oscar.
" So, I'm just like everybody else."
 Why would I get mad at Todd?
 What?
 What? What is it?
 Ana?
 I don't care. Take it.
" Ana, this is the fourth time I've called. Please call me back. I need you. Ana, please. This is BoJack, by the way. Horseman. Hey! Todd! Where you been?"
 You were in Ojai?
" Well, why not go to Ojai, huh? You and me? I could use an escape, couldn't you?"
" Todd, I need this. You're my best friend and I need you. Don't leave me now. Don't be like everybody else."
" Besides, I think you owe me, right? After what you did?"
" Come on, Todd. I know. Mr. Peanutbutter told me everything."
 What?
" Mm, no, not-not about that."
" No, stop."
 What? Seven? He told me you didn't want to nominate me for an Oscar.
" What the hell, man? After everything I've done for you?"
" Oh, I don't know. Letting you live here for free for six years? Giving you food, indulging you in your little projects and adventures and stories about how you used to bang on your butt like a bongo drum? I let you turn my house into your company's headquarters for the last month. Yeah, but that's not because you're my friend."
 You know about Emily?
" So, you know I had sex with Emily."
" Well, what did you think?"
" Todd, I'm sorry, all right? I screwed up. I know I screwed up. I don't know why--"
" I know. And I'm sorry, okay? I was drunk, and there was all this pressure with the Oscar campaign. But now--Now that it's over, I--"
" Hey, Sarah Lynn. You wanna party?"
 Is that how you pronounce it?
" Well, the truth is that..."
" No. In fact, I've never felt so alone--"
" Yeah, I got royally screwed, know who was there for me? No one, because everyone's an asshole and the whole world sucks balls. Anyway, thanks for having me over."
 What do you say we go on an epic bender?
 That's what I'm talking about. Let's get some booze and drugs. We can clear out my bank account. I got nothing left I care about.
 Yogurt-covered raisins?
 Oh!
 Wow.
 Ha-ha!
 To life and being done with it!
 What? No.
" Okay, we'll put it on the list. We gotta watch that one."
 Everything was so much simpler back then.
" We didn't know how good we had it. We got to come to workand have fun every day, and we weren't worried about our legacy or awards...because buildings are supposed to be rectangles, goddamn it! Wait, what were we talking about?"
" That does sound like me, but I don't remember any of that. I must have blacked out. Maybe I should lay off the alcohol for...and I said, You're sitting on the pizza, Mr. President. Whoa! I think I just had another one."
" No, blackout. The thing we were just talking about. Try to keep up here."
" That's not a boner. It's a shadow. Well, I think we all learned a valuable lesson today about the Armenian genocide."
 Why can't life be like it was on Horsin' Around? All our issues conveniently settled in 22 hilarious minutes. 
 This is getting me depressed. Let's do something fun.
" That sounds stupid. I'm gonna be in charge of the fun. No, no, no! That was drywall. Jesus, we have to start marking our drugs more clearly. Let's just take a box of whiskey and go."
 Wha--? What the--?
" Coffee, stale donuts, attention hogs telling boring stories about themselves? Jesus! Are we at a 12-step meeting?"
" So, all our partying was an elaborate trick just to get me to go sober?"
 Chip? We've been wasted for...31 hours?
 That's literally exactly the reason you shouldn't get your chip.
" Oh, God. Boo!"
 How else am I supposed to expresshow boring these stories are?
 Come on! You people call yourself drunks? Most of this is stuff I do on a daily basis completely sober.
" Oh, please, that's baby stuff. You so-called drunks want something to feel shitty about?"
 I got somethin' for ya. Whoa. My name is BoJack.
" Oh, like you didn't know? Anyway, I once went all the way down to New Mexico to see a woman that I knew, and she had a young daughter, Penny. Penny Carson. That's her real name. You can look her up. I don't care. And first, I tried to sleep with the mom, but she said no."
" Then, I tried to sleep with the daughter. Then, the mom walked in on me trying to sleep with the daughter, and I was like, Oopsie-doopsie! Exit stage right!"
" The worst part is, I don't even know what happened after I left. Did I ruin the family? Did I scar that little girl for life? I don't know. I'll never know. And that's just, like, one of a billion things that I have going through my head all the time. So, anyone got a better story than that?"
" Didn't think so, bitches. Where's my trophy, or chip, or whatever? Whoa!"
" Uh, what are you talking about?"
 I talked about Penny?
 I'm not proud. I feel really terrible that I might have really messed that girl up.
 That doesn't mean anything. Everyone likes the smell of fire on the first cold day of winter.
" So, what? Just dirty up the slate again."
" You know what? This may be the nitrous and bath salts talking, but I want to do some more nitrous and bath salts. And then, let's make some goddamn amends."
" Oh. Hey, kid! I'm sorry your lame dad built such a cheap-ass playhouse!"
 You know what? I do feel better.
" So, we wait. I need to make amends to Diane, and we're not leaving until I do."
" I bet they have food inside. Let's see if I still have that spare key. Here it is. Yes! Okay, after we get food, remind me that this is another thing I need to make amends for."
 Where are those two? They did not keep their fridge stocked enough for two stoned people waiting around for hours.
" That's what happens when you mix the appetite of a horse with the appetite of someone with a hole inside him that needs to be constantly filled with attention, food, and sex. Pass the Bugles."
 I can't leave until I make amends.
 Am I BoJack or Mr. Peanutbutter?
" Stop doing that. We're both awake. Let's just get to this. Diane, I'm sorry I said mean things to you."
 She's a little more complex.
" Okay, shut up. Now, I'll be Mr. Peanutbutter and you make amends to me."
" And, now, you be Mr. Carolyn and I'll be Princess Diana."
" Oh, my God, that mirror is talking to us!"
" We're making amends, assholes!"
 That felt so good!
" Well, I also ate a shit ton of Bugles, so no. But I do feel like we got to the bottom of who really killed Princess Di."
" Next stop, Todd! Todd, I'm sorry. I want to take full responsibility for what happened, even though it is not my fault and I did nothing wrong. Emily is an adult woman who can make her own choices. And besides, are you even really into girls? I mean, what is your deal?"
" I am, and this is my best buddy Todd. "
" Sleepover? No offense, Todd, but your parents are creeping me out. To the next amends!"
" I don't know. I'm very drunk and a little nauseous, but if I'm here in your house, it must be to make amends."
 I don't know. Whatever it is that you think I did to make you disappear.
 How could you leave me like that when I needed you most?
" No, this is not about the Oscar campaign. How could you think that this is about the Oscar campaign? We had something more, didn't we?"
" Well, not just drinking. Yes, Ana, I'm a mess. Whoa! I am a broken, screwed-up misfit toy, and you act all in control, but I know that, deep down, you're broken, too. And I don't know why you won't just give us a chance to be broken together. What about that doesn't appeal to you?"
" Wait, did we just go to Ana's house? Did I get closure?"
 We gotta go back.
" I know I was just here, but I feel like you told me some important story that explained everything about us. Unfortunately, I totally spaced it. Gotta be honest. I've had a couple beers."
" Oh, crud."
 I feel like I'll definitely get it this time.
 One more time?
" I'm a lifeguard. This woman's house smells weird, or is that me? Pay attention, Sarah Lynn. Don't do that thing where you write down your thoughts instead of what the person is actually saying. I wonder if it's time to get my boobs done again."
 That's very helpful.
" I'm sorry! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Okay, so I know I keep bothering you tonight."
" Oh, really? I just need to know what you were trying to tell me about being a lifeguard, and then, I'll leave and you'll never see me again."
 What does that have to do with me? What the--?Where the hell are we now?
 We drove all the way to Ojai?
 We drove all the way to Ohio?!
 What? No! That is a terrible idea. Let's turn this car around right now. I feel we didn't turn the car around.
" This is insane. I already scarred her for life. If I see her again, I'll just end up getting my horribleness all over her."
" So, when is she an architect?"
" No, I didn't mean what era. If she's a call girl at nigh tand a spy during the day--"
" Oh, God, what's she doing? Does she look emotionally damaged?"
" Yeah, probably. "
 That makes even more sense.
" Yes. So... obviously, I wanted to keep following Penny because I'm an idiot. Let's just nip this in the bud. I'm gonna write Do not follow Penny on my hands in the unlikely scenario of my blacking out again. I'll just write Follow Penny on this hand, and then, on this hand, I'll write...Goddamn it!"
" Uh, what?"
" She's drinking beer. Oh, God, this is just like the episode of Horsin' Around when Olivia went to the frat party, but Penny doesn't have a kind angel played by Jose Canseco to help her get out of this jam!"
" She seems... fine. Too fine, like she's hiding a dark secretthat's eating away at her soul. Or, possibly... she's fine. Maybe I didn't ruin her life."
" Okay, good plan. I'll just go pee out the last 20 beers. Whoa. Look at me, walking good. Whoa, whoa, whoa. No, no, no! Shush, shush."
 Oh!
" Hey, Penny!"
" No, I--"
 I tried--
" Penny, no. Penny?"
 Mm-hmm.
" Oh, God."
" Oh, good Lord!"
 Will you please stop talking about it?
 Let's just go home.
 Glove compartment.
" Oh, that? Turns out there's a brand of heroin called BoJack."
 Thank you?
" I don't know. There's that old saying. Liquor before beer, never fear. Don't do heroin."
" I'm not gonna shoot heroin with you, Sarah Lynn. We can snort heroin like sophisticated adults."
 Why did you just say what year it is?
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 Of course. Audiences hate meta jokes. When will comedy writers learn?
 I know what you're thinking--Full frontal.
" Sarah Lynn? I don't know.I haven't spoken to her in years. Besides, she's not gonna want to do this. She's the world's biggest pop star."
 What is what?
" Oh! Um, never mind. Hey, how long have we known each other? Feels like our entire lives."
 We were on a TV show. Isn't that insane?
" You know, sometimes it feels like you're the only one who really understands me, because how could anyone else? "
" But we knew each other before we were anybody, and that's how we can be friends, because we're not like those other people. The people who glom onto you because of who they think you are, and they think they can sleep on your couch and eat your food."
" They think you're gonna save their agency. I never asked for that kind of pressure, but you and me, we don't want anything from each other. You know, I... I could never figure out what love meant, but, right now, I don't need to figure out anything."
" I just feel it. I love you, Sarah Lynn. Sarah Lynn? Sarah Lynn?"
" Oh, my God! Thank God you're okay!"
 Really? How long have we been on this bender?
 Hey.
 We're not at your house right now.
" Hey, hey, hey, it's okay. Everything's gonna be okay."
" No, no! Calm down. Nobody is doomed. And I'll tell you what we're gonna do. We're gonna go to the planetarium."
 Totally. I always forget that there are more than just the six stars you can see in the Los Angeles sky.
" I prefer rectangular buildings, as I firmly established."
" See, Sarah Lynn, we're not doomed. In the great grand scheme of things, we're just tiny specks that will one day be forgotten. "
" So, it doesn't matter what we did in the past, or how we'll be remembered. The only thing that matters is right now, this moment, this one spectacular moment we are sharing together. Right, Sarah Lynn? Sarah Lynn? Sarah Lynn?"
" BoJack Horsemack--Horseman-- oh, wait, how do I-"
" I don't need any help, thanks."
" Ryan Gosling? No. I get that all the time, it's-"
" No, sorry."
 I'm not too fat to be BoJack.
" No, BoJack is not fatter."
 No! We are both equally not fat.
 Are you kidding me? He looks nothing like me... Meester Horseman.
 No.
 I'm not--
 Listen to me--
 All right! Ow! No! Ohhh!
 What? Why would you get Paul Giamatti to play me... meaty roles like that one?
 What do you care?
 What kind of a sandwich has cherries on top?
 Ow! 
" Hey, what's your name?"
" Eddie, why don't you mind your goddamn business?"
" What? Wait. Hey, did you fix my door? That is a dick move, buddy!"
" What the...? Hey! Stop fixing my door, asshole! Why did you fix this so good?"
" Well, call me a Kit Kat bar because I'm already broken."
" I plastered this wall, didn't I? Uh... oh... oh, oh..."
 The problem is I can't get the right supplies because the girls at the hardware store are so annoying.
" Yeah. ""Hey, Tamara, how about you get some manners ta-day?"""
" Yeah, fine, you can help, a little. If it means so much to you, I will let you help me. Oh. How come you don't go awayfor winter like everyone else?"
" Okay. So, like, in an airplane, then?"
" You don't have to fly the plane. They got this new thing now, it's called being a passenger."
 BoJack Horseman? No.
" Who's BoJack Horseman? He's a very famous TV and film star. Or he was, yeah, before he gave it all up for a life of quiet anonymity. Where is he? Nobody knows. Perhaps a small town just like this one. Perhaps he's even...in this very room. But he's not,'cause I'm not BoJack Horseman."
 My grandfather. I used to come herein the summers when I was a kid.
" Yeah, well, there isn't any more of us. I'm the last of my line. Once my mother dies and I die that'll be it, which is probably for the best."
" Oh, thank you. That was the reaction I was going for."
 Why'd you call me Hambone?
" Oh, right, right, right, right, right."
 Huh. Look at this. 
 What? No. Why would I--?Forget that. Look at that weather vane.
 The house isn't finished yet. We can't stop till we find that weather vane.
" Oh. Uh, all right."
" Oh. Hey, there it is!"
 Why'd you say you can't fly? Who's that other person you're clearly in love with?
 Fine. Keep your stupid secret about your clearly dead wife and your probably-related dumb fear of flying. See if I care.
 Ooh! It's still there!
" Oh, of course, the twelve hundred... pound horse will shimmy up a drain pipe to get it,that makes more sense than the dragonfly, who has the word ""fly"" in the name of what he is. Okay, all right, so you've gone now. You walked away, while I make my point."
 Idiot.
 Huh.
" Hey, Eddie, come on. Eddie, let's go!"
 Aaah!
" Eddie, let's go!"
" Yeah? Well, you got a nice set of pipes. You're like a Josh Groban who doesn't also think he's funny."
 Wow. I wish I could somehow pay you back for all your help.
" Hey, Eddie. Whoa, whoa-whoa-whoa! Ow! "
" I don't know, I thought you would fly to save me and by making you fly I would, in a sense, be saving you!"
" You're flying right now, asshole!"
 You're welcome.
" Okay. Obviously, this was not the preferred outcome for either of us."
" Oh, shit. No, I'm fine, actually."
" Clearly, this is a sore subject. I was wrong to bring it up. Let's go back down."
 Whoa! Plane! Look out!
" Aaaah! Oh, God. No, no, come on. Come on. Are you insane?!"
 I don't know. I'm so sorry.
" It's Michigan,and it's beautiful here, and everything sucks."
" I can't. I don't belong there, I don't belong anywhere."
" Oh, God, that's true. They do let in just anybody."
" Let me guess, the web series is about how funny he and his friends are, just, like, hanging out."
 What?! And he's just giving this away for free in a coffee shop? Somebody get this guy an overall!
" I've missed you, Diane."
" Keep going, keep going, keep going.There we go, big boy."
" Probably should have warned you, when these guys tear the house down it might make some noise."
" Uh, yeah. You think I just want to mope around in a shrine to the past, getting off on my own guilt while the rest of my life passes me by? Pathetic, much?"
" Yeah, and then you tried to kill me. That's usually a series wrapon a friendship."
" Are you serious? Oh, my God, what am I doing in this backwash of a town? Do you even get Showtime here?"
" I don't know. Guess it was just a big waste of time. But you can't change the past. Time's arrow marches on, right?"
" Well, as a great woman once said, suck a dick, dumbshit."
 Home.
 What the... was...
" Blow? Who's got blow? Save some for BoJack.  Huh? Wait, Todd? Oh, shit. Are you gonna yell at me? Can I have the blow first?"
 And what is this?
" Of the New Haven Manheim-Mannheim-Guerrero-Robinson-Zilberschlag-Hsung-Fonzerelli-McQuacks? That was a joke. Obviously, I've neverheard of your family and/or law firm. That was also a joke. Todd, who is this tough crowd you brought to my home?"
 Way to build up the suspense. 
" You got me a maid? Thank you. Here I thought Channing Tatum was a good neighbor for picking up my mail while I was gone, but you, and after all the things I did to you, I don't know how to tell you-"
" Oh. Okay. So then why did you hire me Oh, yeah, deliver me."
" Todd, can I see you for a minute? This maid is the worst. I passed out again for some reason. When I woke up, the house was messier than when she started. I don't mind someone else in the house with me, in case I start choking on pills or have a funny take on current events that demands an audience, but if she can't do her job, I gotta fire her."
 She's in maid heaven.
" Sorry, I meant she belongs in maid heaven because she is a cleaning angel."
" I sent her to Channing Tatum's house to pay him back for collecting my mail while I was out of town. Looks like I missed quite a deal at Pottery Barn. Life is but an endless series of missed opportunities, some involving Pottery Barn."
 Can you believe this? Mr. Peanutbutter's running for governor.
 Right. How's Diane feel about that?
" I wanted to call her, but I'm just not ready. Nobody knows I'm back except you. And Channing Tatum, and my pills guy, and my booze guy, my weed guy, my coke guy, some smartass at Pizza Hut who deserved an in-person finger-wagging, and my maid."
" I came back because I wanted to fix things, but now I don't know if I can."
 I've been so lucky to have people in my life who care about me. I don't deserve any of them. I definitely don't deserve to have a friend as amazing and generous and forgiving and thoughtful as...
" Channing Tatum. I'm only gonna hurt him like I've hurt everyone else. I was a fool to think I could just jump back into a new relationship. Can you go over to Channing Tatum's house, tell him I won't be his friend? I can't break another heart. Not today, not Channing."
" No, but BoJack, who lives here, is here."
 What do you mean?
 I don't understand.
 That's impossible. I'm BoJack.
 I guess I don't blame her.I wouldn't want to be my daughter either.
 Look what I do to people I'm supposed to care about. I had sex with the one person I've ever seen you be in love with.
 Don't say that. You do so much for everybody. All you ever asked for was a roof over your head and the occasional s'more in a baguette.
" I got more of you than I ever deserved. If you never talk to me again I just want you to know that I appreciate it,and I appreciate you."
" A sexual what? Dynamo, deviant? Harassment lawsuit waiting to happen?"
 Ohh.
 Are you kidding? That's amazing. Sometimes I wish I was asexual. Maybe then I wouldn't have a strain of herpes.
" I know. The joke only works with the ""a""."
 That's great. So if you're not mad about Emily-
 Oh. Okay.
" You know, for an asexual, more than not-friends is probably as good as it gets, right?"
" Got it, got it, totally."
" Well, if you ever need a place to crash,that couch--"
 Oh.-Right now?
 Uh... Hmm. Todd?
 I am not Henrietta! I'm your son!
" Yes! Your son, BoJack. I'm him. I'm the ball of gas!"
" Wait. Mom, do you remember--"
 Ugh!
" No, we're going to a glorious magical place where they'll lock you in a room by yourself so you can't hurt anyone ever again."
 Wait. You just said--
" Yes, this is my mother."
 I'd like to leave her here. Can I pay for the next five years now so I don't have to think about her again?
 I'm not what?
" Oh, once upon a time..."
 I'm not a baby. I'm six.
 I'm forming sentences.
 I didn't say your book is great.
 Okay.
" Bye, Mom."
 I don't know why you don't just get a divorce already.
 That actually is a legitimate reason to get a divorce.
 What I did?
 Sure.
 I said I'll take it.
" How long you sticking around for, Mom?"
" Yeah, let's get you good and liquored up before you drive up the coast. I got a date with Tonya Harding tonight. She was the good one? I always get them confused."
" Three years ago now. You're really on the pulse, huh?"
 Some people like silly stories.
" It's not Ibsen, but..."
 Thanks for the painting. It'll be nice to have something that always reminds me of this conversation.
 Best of luck. See ya never.
" Bye, Mom."
 Mom?
" Yeah, it's me."
 This is where you live now.
 Mom...
 I just told you.
 You're...in Michigan.
 Yeah. At the lake house.
" It's a-- It's a warm summer night, and the fireflies are dancing in the sky. And your whole family is here. And they're telling you that everything is gonna be all right."
" The crickets are-- are chirping,and the lake is still, and the night is full of stars."
" We're sitting on the back porch, and we're listening to your brother play the piano, and we're eating ice cream. Vanilla ice cream."
" Can you taste the ice cream, Mom?"
" Wait. I- I just-- My mother, she's senile, and she was drugging the coffee. That's why-- Just-- I wanted you to know that none of this was Hollyhock's fault."
 How was I supposed to Sha Na know they were going to invite me on the stage to do a guitar solo?
" Well, too badI'm the only dad you got."
 O.J. Simpson lawyerand DNA expert Barry Scheck?
" Hi. Yeah, my mom is a resident. I've still got a bunch of her stuff. Don't put me on hold. Just take a message-"
" Oh, my God. Stop. Please stop."
 Does it involve ghost or newts?
" You haven't read it, have you?"
 Right.
 Ugh! I'm so sick of mysteries.
" They're impossible to figure out. Then all of a sudden, some random detail makes the hero remember a conversation that totally re-contextualizes everything, and then it all magically comes together."
 It's such bullshit. Where's my random detail that's gonna suddenly make everything make sense? Because I would love that.
 Matthew Perry?
 Hold on. Matthew Perry...
 Why do you ask?
" Seems like a long shot. How abouta better strategy is, don't do that, and then you won't be disappointed when it doesn't work out?"
 You mean Schindler's List.
 Remind me?
 Whoa.
 I have to go.
 Huh. Huh?
 I need to talk to Hollyhock!
" You have to let me see her. Please, I flew all the way here and it's Wichita, so it's not likeI got other shit to do in Wichita."
 Nothing's lonelier than a party. Good thing I don't need anyone or I might feel lonesome.
 I'd rather watch your six.
 What the hell?
 I don't need any help. Thank you.
 Yeah?
" Listen, I still have some questionsabout my character, and the script, and the show,and you asking me to do this show, and me saying, ""Yes""."
" And why we're making a TV showfor What-Time-Is-It-Right-Now-dot-com, which is a website for people who don't know their computers already have built-in clock sat the corner of the screen?"
" Dierdre! I should have known! Just like a bitch to shoot me in the heart, bitch. Good thing I carry this flaskfull of my dead wife's blood around."
" Hey, Flip. Can I ask why I'm calling her a bitch twice?"
" Okay, you know, I have some questions about my character."
" Okay, well, my first question is--"
" Oh, jeez. Here we go."
 One sec-
 No.
 Ignore him. Why--
 Stop it.
 Why does John Philbert's houselook the same as my house?
 Why are you here?
 Wait!
" Flip, when can we talk?"
 Hey.
" Sorry, I can't do you. I'm too distracted, I'd just do a bad job. You know your own body better than meanyway so just go to town."
" Wait, Gina. Can I ask you a question, about you?"
" Do you think I'm right, and the Philbert character is poorly written, and Flip needs to write him better,so I don't look so bad?"
 But do you love this script? Do you love your character?
 You don't have to go. We could hang out. I'm sure you don't wanna be all alone in a house by yourself.
 Huh.
 I could ask you the same question. Now you're in college you don't need to sleep anymore?
" Oh, right. I wanted you to know that I hearted your Instagram photo."
" Well, there were 23 other hearts. But I don't know if you know who they're all from, but one was from me."
" Oh, cool, cool."
" Fine, but this phone call does not replace our weekly Sunday call. Okay?"
" Yes. Good. Because I miss you. Sorry, that sounded dumb. I don't miss you, I'm just bored. That also sounded dumb."
" Hey! Uh, this a bad time?"
" Okay, well, first of all,the script is great. Really top-notch stuff. I love the whole... thing of it. I just wanted to clarify some things about Philbert as a character."
" Yeah, okay, on page three, is it necessary that Philbert can only orgasm if he's listening to a recording of his dead wife's voice?"
" Okay, well, what about this thing on page eight where he goes to a strip club and just sits in the back with a sketch-pad and draws the strippers, while a Leonard Cohen song plays?"
" It's just that all of these half-naked women. I mean, I understand it. I'm just worried it might come across as gratuitous and, uh, male-gazey, which I know it isn't!"
" Uh, oh. Uh..."
 Uh...
" Oh, um..."
" Don't finger me for a murderer, Malone. I don't know where those fingers have been."
" Look, man, I know what you're doing, okay? You're trying to punish me. Just don't punish Gina."
 Gina is not fine with it.
" No, this is not about me."
 I'm not-
" No, this is not about my dick."
 What?
" Well, hold on."
 Wouldn't I just turn my wrist?
" No, we're not! Princess-"
 What?
" No, I'm self-conscious about my penis area."
 Hey!
 What?
 Well--
 Right.
 Shooting is tomorrow afternoon.
 Philbert waxes?
" Hello, Princess Carolyn. You're not Princess Carolyn. Why are you not Princess Carolyn?"
 I came all this way for nothing? I brought my spinny chair and everything!
 You're looking for a job?
 Uh.
 Okay.
" Uh, right."
 Hey! A posting for WhatTimeIsItRightNow.com!
 I just got an amazing idea. Interview for that job!
" When you get in the building, say you need to use the bathroom. Then you'll sneak into the office of one of the network execs."
" Go into their email and send a message to Flip McVicker telling him he can't film any more nude scenes because they're derivative and unnecessary, especially the nude scenes involving me.-"
" Todd, don't you get it? We're gonna save the show!"
 Just a minute.
" All right! Todd, did you do it?"
 Already I don't like this development.
 What?
 Why not? You're their boss now.You can tell them what to do.
" Ugh, Todd, your good-hearted naiveté has once again conspired with outrageous happenstance to completely dick me over!"
 I never do!
" Hey, Flip, we need to talk."
 I'm not doing the naked scene.
 The only reason you wrote it is to embarrass me.
 I'm making it difficult?
 What? Ew. Weird.
 No.
 Because it's dumb! This whole show is duuuuuuumb!
" It's confusing, it's overwritten,and it's poorly lit. The darkness is a metaphor for darkness!"
" And worst of all, it's boring! It has nothing to say, and it says that nothing badly!"
" Oh, come on."
" Princess Carolyyyyyyyn,I need to talk to youuuuuu."
" Hold on, I got a thing with a chair."
" Duh. Bought a burner phone, slipped it into your purse, and then used the Find My Phone app."
" Hello, Princess Carolyn."
 I have a plan and I need your help.
 I found out his mom has a fake leg.
" Flip. I'm gonna seduce her, steal her leg, and then smack him across the face with it until he chokes on his own blood. It's subtle, but I think he'll get the message."
 I-I don't want to do the show.
 Yeah. I never wanted to do this show! You faked my signature!
 It's not about you! I don't like him!
" No, not Flip. Philbert. He-he's a drunk. He's an asshole. I don't want to be him."
 Yeah?
" Hey, why are we at an adoption agency? Are you adopting something?"
 Oh.
" What's that for? We've all seen me naked. Can't put the genie back in the bottle now, baby. Thanks anyway, Judy. This is great. Any other work environment and this would be considered sexual harassment."
" Ooh, Cadbury Creme Eggs. Yes, please! Whoops. Gonna need new yogurt. I'll make it up to you. Party at my house tonight! So, then Aaron Eckhartsaid, ""If that's Ansel Elgort, then who's Alden Ehrenreich?"" And then I said, ''Gesundheit'' Flip! You made it."
 That's what I've been trying to tell you.
 Yeah. Sure.
" Well, no, she didn't complain."
 Yeah.
" No, of course, I'm just trying to help you fulfill your vision."
" Uh, yeah."
 Yeah. Right.
 There. Last one.
" Oh, did you need help deciding whether or not this place is a shithole? Because help is on the way. It's a shithole."
" When this place makes you too sad, you can always come over. You'll have to say, ""I'm a sad, sad girl with a terrible, dirty apartment,"" but I'll let you crash."
 Where did you get all this junk?
" Oh, can we finally talk shit about Mr. Peanutbutter?"
" Like how he has dog breath and leaves his hair all over, or is this one of those scam jobs where I talk shit and you nod along, then you two get back together and you hate me because I told you how I felt?"
 This place smells weird. I want to go home. I don't tell you everything.
" Well, did I tell you this place smells weird?"
" Okay, you get started.I'm gonna stretch first."
 Get the hammies.
" Diane, just because you have the couch of a girl in her 20s does not mean that you are young enough to say ""come with."""
 Yeesh.
 Uh?
 Come on in. 
 Why don't you take the guest room? I could make urine stains on the carpet and string up police tape so it feels more like home for you.
 Do you mean literally Vietnam or like when Old Navy told me they were looking for a fresher face for their Performance Fleece commercials and they ended up with Sherman Hemsley?
 That was my Vietnam.
 Awesome!
" I'm also in a good place. I got this new job coming up, so I'm gonna fly right, be tight, and sober up real good. I'm working out a system so I only drink a little each day."
 It's my cheat day.
 Yeah. Why is it weird?
" It's just, uh..."
 What?
" Oh. Uh, I guess so."
 You're being mean.
" Okay, you get two more ""divorce means,"" but then that's it. I'm cutting you off."
 You sure you don't want to stay...in the guest room?
 What do you mean? That was fun.
" No, uh, no. That time I ended up in New Mexico. I stayed with this family, got close with the daughter, but, um... Luckily, it worked out all fine. No, and I-I got a boat,I came back, end of story."
" Hey, Diane, can I ask you a-- Oh. Yeah."
" We're going to the party, remember? You told me to ""come with."" Why do you look so different?"
 Did you get a longer neck or something?
" No. Uh, you actually look amazing."
" Jesus, lady! I'm just trying to give you a compliment!"
 Were you?
" God, you're all over the place. You hate parties."
" Okay, you know what? Forget this."
 Hey. Your haircut looks great.Mr. Peanutbutter's gonna love it.
 Hello?
 Hey.
 I know.
 Yeah. I get it.
 Nguyen?
 Yeah. Nguyen.
" It's so weird waking up at 6,00 p.m."
" I get it. We work together, we make sex together, we don't talk about feelings, and yet sometimes a begrudging respect can blossom into--"
" ""Blossoms into nothing"" is what I was gonna say. You cut me off, so you look stupid."
 All right.
 You can delete some.
 Obsessed much? 
" Hi, excuse me, can I get The BoJack?"
" It's an off-the-menu item for those in the know. Obviously, I'm BoJack and I always order the BoJack sandwich."
 Because I own this restaurant and I'm a celebrity.
" No, that's just a thing they put in the sandwich. That's not someone's name."
 What?
" Poor girl had dreams. And there's nothing more precious than dreams. Philbert takes a drag of his cigarette, then kneels down to inspect the corpse."
 Sorry. My brain is kinda muddled. It's these night shoots.
" Hey, wanna go check out craft services?"
 How could whatever you're listening to be more fun than hearing me rant about the fruit spread?
" It's in the honeydew area, but the specifics are what keep it fresh each time."
" ...and finally, Carnegie. Thus, concludes the two-item list of acceptable melons."
 Always with the earbuds. What are you listening to?
 What is this? This is so corny.
 Wait a second. Are you... into musicals?
" Well, well, well, the stone-hearted cynic, who thinks feelings are for suckers, has a secret soft spot for sappy musicals."
" When you say, ""Okay,"" do you mean okay like ""correct,""or okay like ""OK-lahoma""? ? Oklahoma ?"
" Step-ball-change, step-ball-change, shuffle off to Buffalo, and big finish."
 Whoa!
" Ouch! God damn it! Once again, my life has been worsened by a brush with musical theater."
" Hey, I got a suggestion for that scene where you make your big confession."
" I was thinking you could maybe confess...? ...in song! ? Whoa, hey!"
" Okay, look at that! Found an emotion."
" Yeah, I know. I Googled the reviews so I could mock you. That Frank Rich could be a real frank bitch, am I right?"
" Oh, my God, Gina. I-I didn't realize how much this musical meant to you. And that... that's even funnier! Oh!"
" You know if this were reversed, you'd be giving me shit."
" Hey, Gina, I'm sorry. I was just teasing. I was... It was... [sighs] Gina, come out of the bathroom."
" Gina? Oh, right."
" Hey, I'm sorry I made fun of your dream."
 Good news; too late. I talked to Flip and Princess Carolyn about how you're into this Broadway crap...
 ...and they said maybe you can sing in the nightclub episode. Can you believe it?
" It's your big break, and I helped!"
" I know you don't want me doing nice things because I'm not your boyfriend, and you're a sentient wall of spikes, but they want to hear you sing at the next break."
" Gina, this is your dream, and there's nothing more precious than dreams."
" Gina, I know, but what I'm saying is, what if you are the star?"
" But what if you are? If you don't try, you'll never know. You'll spend the rest of your life wondering if you could have made it or not. Is that what you want? Always the Bratt's mom and never Da Brat?"
 Yeah?
 Exactly.
" You know what, she was nervous, and--"
 No. I thought she'd be good. I was trying to do a nice thing. And I would like to be judged solely on my intentions this time.
" Hey, Gina."
" Look, I'm sorry.I thought-"
" Yes, of course. I'm sorry. I didn't even-"
 You had a bad audition. It doesn't mean that everything--
 Hmm.
 O-Okay. Uh... Hmm.
" No, Diane's right. I'm the big star."
" You can't have two stars. All the greatest detective shows are focused around a central, usually titular character. Kojak, Monk, Nickis."
" You know, Nickis. Sometimes, he goes to Los Angeles, to New Orleans..."
 No.
 Hey! Cheese plate!
 Ugh! 
" Hey, man, awards shows should've had better cheese."
" Ooh, spooky publicist! Hope she doesn't papercut me with her mad press release."
" Ugh. Fine. Once again, hero BoJack will clean up everyone else's mess."
" Well, there was this cheese--"
" No, it--"
" No, it wasn't any of those things!"
 It-
" No, I'm not taking any stand---I mean, the guy choked his wife, and most of Hollywoo is, like, ""No biggie. Good for him!"""
" Okay, well, obviously it's not good he choked his wife."
" No, no, no! I wasn't trying to make some bold statement or anything. It's just that...choking your wife is bad."
 Really? Okay.
" Well, Paloma, someone needed to take a stand."
" Call me crazy. I mean, this is just old BoJack talking, but how about we don't choke any women?-[cheering]"
 And don't choke women! [chuckles]
" I don't know, Princess Carolyn. Is it possible, this whole time, I've been an amazing feminist hero, and nobody knew it?"
" Feels pretty right. Yeah, I'm a male feminist. You're welcome, society."
" Okay. I'm just gonna stay here, being woke."
" Hey, Princess Carolyn, you ever notice how, as a woman, you only make ten cents for every dollar your clients make? Really makes you think, huh?"
 Oh! Is that why I'm here?
" That's a good point. People do listen to me all the time. One time I tweeted ""RIP David Bowie,"" and now everyone still thinks he's dead."
" Wait, for real? Oh, man."
" Yeah. Everyone loves a male feminist. It turns out, the problem with feminism, all along, is it just wasn't men doing it. We're much less shrill."
" I'm sorry. I know you're trying really hard not to be boring, and it's kind of not boring, but it still mostly feels like I'm being lectured at."
" Hold on. Let me imagine that I'm saying it. You know what, that's a little better."
" Oh, should I wear a T-shirt that says ""Feminism is Bae""? Girls love shit like that, right?"
" So, in conclusion, is Smurfette a feminist icon? I think the better question is, why does she have to be?,"
" Oh, yeah!"
 What?
" Oh, no, is this a Gotcha? Am I the gotcha?"
 Um... The future is female?
" Well, Sassy thinks so. That's why she's pretending to be his new partner, to get closer to the truth. Meanwhile, his old partner Fritz is back in the mix, but he might be dead and just a projection of Philbert's lingering guilt."
" Yeah, the whole thing's nonsense, but, more importantly, how do we prove it's not sexist?"
" No, of course. But right now, I have to do an interview where I explain that it's not, because otherwise, I'll look like a hypocrite, which would be really bad for women everywhere. So, in order to save feminism, you need to give me some smart-sounding reasons why Philbert isn't what it so obviously is, so that I can continue to be a hero and role model."
" Uh-huh. Toxic masculinity, yeah. Right."
" I feel you're not really getting into the spirit here. We can still take down Vance and topple the patriarchy. Come on, we're doing feminism, it's supposed to be fun!"
" Okay, yeah, I totally get that. But in the meantime, I just need to know what to say about this show."
" Look, obviously, when you take plot points out of context, they can seem unsavory. But they're all part of a larger attempt to deconstruct... toxic... masculinity."
" No, we're not glamorizing it, that's the thing. You're not supposed to like John Philbert or agree with the things he does. It's a TV show. It doesn't glamorize anything. But... maybe it normalizes it. I gotta go."
" Diane, the show needs your help."
" You were right. It's all the things you said it is, but it doesn't have to be. Come on as a consulting producer. Work with Flip on the scripts, make the show something that we can all be proud of."
" You said it yourself, more people are going to watch this show than read anything you write. I'm giving you the opportunity to change society for the better."
 No? You changed me.
 She just walked in at the worst possible...It wasn't my fault... right?
 On the boat. There was a girl.
 In New Mexico. And she trusted me.
" I keep asking myself, if her mother didn't walk in, would I have done it? And part of me is sure that I... I couldn't. But another part knows that's a lie. How do you make it right when you've made it so wrong, you can never go back?"
" How the hell do they expect me to learn five pages of dialogue in one day? What am I, Young Sheldon?"
" No show should have that much talking. TV is a visual medium. Anyway, where the hell are you?"
" Ugh, North Carolina? That's the second worst of the Carolinas."
" Yeah, and you got out. You know what ""from"" means? You don't have to be there anymore. That's why they call it ""from."""
" Wait, wait. I'm sorry. Can we just talk about Mr. Peanutbutter? Why did you cast him on this show? Everybody loves him. I'm the guy everybody's supposed to love. I'm Philbert."
" So then I got a food truck for the crew with a big sign that said, ""From your favorite star,"" but everybody thought it was from Mr. Peanutbutter. They didn't even read the sign."
" Oh, yeah, that sounds like me. What are you doing there anyway?"
 I thought you were gonna be here today. Where are you?
" Okay, well, listen, Mr. Peanutbutter's doing all his own stunts, and every time he does a dumb little somersault, everybody goes nuts like he's goddamn Kerri Strug."
" When the world sees the likes of Kerri Strug, again, I will adjust accordingly. Anyway, I said I wanted to do my own stunts, too, but little did I know that Flip was writing a new scene, where a motorcycle falls off a five-story building."
" I cannot do that because I already fired my stunt double, so I also need you to call him and get him back, and that might be tricky, 'cause I was really brutal about it."
" Because people were watching. Now I need you to intervene and forbid me from doing my own stunts, even though I want to, because I actually don't want to, because that would require me to be in good shape, which we know I'm not, and also not a coward, which we both know I am."
" Also, if you could say it's because I'm too important a star to take the risk on, but Mr. Peanutbutter can keep doing his stunts because he is less important; that would be real cool, thanks."
" Okay, love you, bitch!"
 Ow! I'm in so much pain. I'm like Kerri Strug over here. Where's my big Russian guy?
 Every part of me hurts. Sartre was wrong. Physical pain is so much worse than prolonged emotional distress. What a hack!
" Uh, it's your fault I feel amazing? I don't know what that doctor gave me, but, man, you should leave town more often. Hey, quick question... is this a train?"
" Hey, I'm golden. Let me tell you. You accidentally drive a motorcycle off a building, and suddenly you are everybody's favorite guy. We did it, Princess Carolyn. Back on top!"
" So, I stopped at a Jack in the Box,on the way here, and the girl behind the counter said, ""Hiya! Are you having an awesome day?"" Not, ""How are you doing today?"" No. ""Are you having an awesome day?"" Which is pretty shitty because it puts the onus on me to disagree with her, like if I'm not having an ""awesome day,"" suddenly I'm the negative one."
" Usually, when people ask how I'm doing, the real answer is I'm doing shitty, but I can't say I'm doing shitty because I don't have a good reason to be doing shitty. So if I say, ""I'm doing shitty,""then they say, ""Why? What's wrong?"" And I have to be like, ""I don't know, all of it?"" So instead, when people ask how I'm doing, I usually say, ""I am doing so great."" But when this girl at the Jack in the Box asked me if I was having an awesome day, I thought, well, today I'm actually allowed to feel shitty, today I have a good reason, so I said to her, ""Well, my mom died."""
" And she immediately burst into tears. So, now I have to comfort her, which is annoying, and meanwhile, there's a line of people forming behind me, who are all giving me these real judgy looks because I made the Jack in the Box girl cry. And she's bawling, and she's saying, ""I'm sorry, I'm so sorry,"" and I'm like, ""It's fine. It's fine."" I mean, it's not fine, but, you know, it's... fine. And I would like to order a Double Jack Meal, and I've kinda got somewhere to be, so maybe less with the crying and more with the frying, huh?"""
" And the girl apologizes, again, and she offers me a free churro with my meal. And as I'm leaving, I think, ""I just got a free churro because my mom died."" No one ever tells you when your mom dies, you get a free churro."
" Anyway, I'm sorry, that's not part of the..."
" All right. Okay, here we go. Let's do this. Here I am, BoJack Horseman,doing a eulogy, let's go. Hey, piano man,can I get like a, like an organ flourish?"
" Nicely done. You know, I was a little worried I wouldn't have the right accompaniment today. I guess it's a good thing my mom was an organ donor!"
 What happened to the organ? 
" Why don't you leave the comedy to the professionals? Okay? This is a funeral, sir, for my mother. Can you show a little respect? I'll take it."
" Beatrice Horseman, who was she? What was her deal? Well, she was a horse. Uh, she was born in 1938. She died in 2018. One time, she went to a parade, and one time, she smoked an entire cigarette in one long inhale. I watched her do it. Truly a remarkable woman."
" Lived a full life, that lady. Just, all the way to the end, which is, uh, now, I guess. Really makes you think, though, huh? Life, right? Goes by, stuff happens. Then you die. Well, that's my time,you've been great! Tip your waitress! No, I'm just kidding around,there's no waitress. That's all I have to say about my mother. No point beating a dead horse, right?"
" So...  Now what?I don't know, Mom, you got any ideas? Anything? Mom? No? Nothing to contribute? Knock once if you're proud of me. Can I just say how amazing it is to be in a room with my mother, and I can just talk without her telling me to shut up and make her a drink? Hey, Mom. Knock once if you think I should shut up. No? You sure? I mean, I don't want to embarrass you, by making this eulogy into a me-logy, so, seriously, if you wanted me to sit down and let someone else talk, just knock. I will not be offended. No? Your funeral."
" Sorry about the closed casket, by the way. She wanted an open casket, but, you know, she's dead now,so who cares what she wanted? No, that sounds bad. I'm sorry. I think that if she could've seen what she looked like dead, she'd agree it's better this way. She looked like this. Kinda like a pissed-off toy dinosaur. The coroner couldn't get her eyes closed. So, now her face is forever frozen in a mask of tremendous horror and anguish. Or as my mom called it, Tuesday! Tuesday! My mom called it Tuesday."
" Hey, Mom, what did you think of that joke? You like that? You never did care for my comedy."
 Here's a story.
" When I was a teenager, I performed a comedy routine for my high school talent show. There was this cool jacket that I wanted to wear because it would make me look like Albert Brooks. For months, I saved up for this jacket, but when I finally had enough, I went to the store and it was gone. They had just sold it to someone else. So, I went home and I told my mother. She said, ""Let that be a lesson. That's the good that comes from wanting things."" She was really good at dispensing life lessons, that always seemed to circle back to everything being my fault. But then, on the day of the talent show, my mother had a surprise for me. She had bought me the jacket. Even though she didn't know how to say it, I knew this meant that she loved me. Now, that's a good story about my mother. It's not true, but it's a good story, right? I stole it from an episode of Maude I saw when i was a kid, where she talks about her father. "
" I remember when I saw it, thinking that's the kind of story I want to tell about my parents when they die. But I don't have any stories like that. All I know about being good I learned from TV. And in TV, flawed characters are constantly showing people they care with these surprising grand gestures. And I think that part of me still believes that's what love is. But in real life, the big gesture isn't enough. You need to be consistent, you need to be dependably good. You can't just screw everything up, and then take a boat out into the ocean to save your best friend, or solve a mystery, and fly to Kansas. You need to do it every day, which is so... hard. When you're a kid, you convince yourself that maybe the grand gesture could be enough. That even though your parents aren't what you need them to be, over and over and over again, at any moment they might surprise you, with something... wonderful."
" I kept waiting for that, the proof, that even though my mother was a hard woman, deep down, she loved me and cared about me and wanted me to know that I made her life a little bit brighter. Even now, I find myself waiting. Hey, Mom, knock once if you love me and care about me, and want me to know I made your life a little bit brighter."
" My mother did not go gentle into that good night. She went clawing and fighting and thrashing, hence the face. If you'd seen her, I swear to God the only thing you'd be thinking about right now is that I am nailing this impression."
" I was in the hospital with her those last moments, and they were truly horrifying, full of nonsensical screams and cries, but there was this moment, this one instant of strange calm, where she looked in my direction and said, ""I see you."" That's the last thing she said to me.""I see you."" Not a statement of judgment or disappointment, just acceptance and the simple recognition of another person in a room. ""Hello, there. You are a person. And I see you."""
" Let me tell you, it's a weird thing to feel at 54 years old, that for the first time in your life your mother sees you. It's an odd realization that it's the thing you've been missing, the only thing you wanted all along, to be seen. And it doesn't feel like a relief, to finally be seen. It feels mean, like, ""Oh, it turns out that you knew what I wanted, and you waited until the very last moment to give it to me."" I was prepared for more cruelty. I was sure that she would get in one final zinger, about how I let her down, and about how I was fat and stupid, and too tall to be an effective Lindy-hopper. How I was needy and a burden and an embarrassment. All that I was ready for. I was not ready for ""I see you."" "
" Only my mother would be lousy enough to swipe me with a moment of connection on her way out. But maybe I'm giving her too much credit. Maybe it wasn't about connection. Maybe it was a... Maybe it was an ""I see you,"" like, ""I see you."" Like, ""You might have the rest of the world fooled, but I know exactly who you are."" That's more my mom's speed. Or maybe she just literally meant"" I see you. You are an object that has entered my field of vision."" She was out of it at the end, so maybe it's dumb to try to attribute it to anything."
" Back in the 90s, I was in a very famous TV Show called Horsin' Around. Please hold your applause. And I remember one time, a fan asked me, ""Hey, um, you know that episode where the horse has to give Ethan a pep talk, after Ethan finds out his crush only asked him to the dance because her friends were having a dorkiest date contest? In all the shots of the horse, you can see a paper coffee cup on the kitchen counter, but in the shots of Ethan, the coffee cup's missing. Was that because the show was making a statement, about the fluctuant subjectivity of memory and how even two people can experience the same moment in entirely different ways? And I didn't have the heart to be, like, ""No, man, some crew guy just left their coffee cup in the shot."" So instead, I was, like... ""Yeah."" And maybe this is like that coffee cup. Maybe, we're dumb to try to pin significance onto every little thing. Maybe, when someone says,""I see you,"" it just means, ""I see you."" "
" Then again, it's possible she wasn't even talking to me. Because, if I'm being honest, she wasn't really looking at me, she was looking past me. There was nobody else in the room. I think she was talking to me, but, honestly, she was so far gone at that point, who knows what she was seeing. Who were you talking to, Mom? Not saying, huh? Staying mum? No rimshot there? God, whatever I'm paying you, it's too much."
" Maybe, she saw my dad. My dad died about ten years ago of injuries he sustained during a duel. When your father dies, you ask yourself a lot of questions. Questions like,""Wait, did you say he died in a duel?"" and ""Who dies in a duel?"" The whole thing was so stupid. Dad spent his entire life writing this book, but he couldn't get any stores to carry it, or any newspapers to review it. Finally, I guess this one newspaper thought he was pretty hilarious, because they ran a review and tore him to shreds. "
" So, my father, ever the Proud Mary, decided he would not stand for this besmirchment of his honor. He claimed the critic didn't understand what it meant to be a man, so he demanded satisfaction in the form of pistols at dawn. He wrote the paper, this letter, saying anyone who didn't like his book, he would challenge to a duel, anyone in the world. He'd even pay for airfare to San Francisco and a night in a hotel. Well, eventually this found its way to some kook in Montana, who was as batshit as he was and took him up on the offer. They met at Golden Gate Park and agreed, ten paces, then shoot. But in the middle of the ten paces, Dad turned to ask the guy if he'd actually read the book and what he thought, but, not looking where he was going, tripped over an exposed root and bashed his head on a rock."
" I wish I'd known to go to Jack in the Box then. I could have gotten a free churro. It would've been nice to have something to show for being the son of Butterscotch Horseman. My darling mother gave the eulogy. My entire life I never heard her say a kind word to or about my father, but at his funeral she said, ""My husband is dead, and everything is worse now."" ""My husband is dead, and everything is worse now."" I don't know why she said that. Maybe she felt that's the kind of thing you're supposed to say at a funeral. Maybe she hoped one day someone would say that about her. ""My mother is dead, and everything is worse now."" Or maybe she knew that he had frittered away all her inheritance, and replaced it with crippling debt, which is a pretty shitty thing to leave your widow with. ""Bad news, you lost a husband, but don't worry, you also lost the house!"" Maybe Mom knew she'd have to sell all her fancy jewelry and move into a home."
" Maybe that's what she meant by ""everything is worse."""
" Is that what you meant, Mom? I gotta say, I'm really carrying this double act. At least with Penn and Teller, the quiet one does card tricks. Hey, piano man,when I say something funny to my mom, how about you give me a rimshot? Yeah, but not now. When I say something funny. Like, okay. What's the difference between my mother and a disruptive expulsion of germs? One's a coughin' fit and the other fits a coffin! That's an example of a funny thing. Thank you. Let's try again. Hey, Mom. What's the difference between my mother and a bunch of Easter eggs? One gets carried in a basket, the other gets buried in a casket! Ready for one more? Last one. What's the difference between a first-year lit major and my mother, Beatrice Horseman? One is decently read, and the other's a huge bitch!"
" Might have gone a little too far with that one. That one might have been a little too ""my mom's a huge bitch"" for the room. I'm sorry, Mother. You're not a huge bitch. You were a huge bitch...and now you're dead."
"  You know, the first time I ever performed in front of an audience, it actually was, uh, with my mom. She used to put on these shows, with her supper club in the living room, and she used to make... She used to make me sing ""The Lollipop Song."" Those parties, they were really something. There were skits and magic acts, and ethnically insensitive vaudeville routines, and the big finale was always a dance my mother did. She had this beautiful dress that she only brought out for these parties, and she did this incredible number. It was so beautiful and sad. Dad hated the parties. He'd lock himself in the study, and bang on the walls for us to keep it down, but he always came out to see Mom dance. He'd linger in the doorway, scotch in hand, and watch in awe, as this cynical, despicable woman he married...took flight. And as a child who was completely terrified of both my parents, I was always aware that this moment of grace, it meant something."
" We understood each other, in a way. Me and my mom and my dad, as screwed up as we all were, we did understand each other. My mother, she knew what it's like to feel your entire life like you're drowning with the exception of these moments, these very rare, brief instances, in which you suddenly remember...you can swim. But, then again, mostly not. Mostly you're drowning. She understood that too. And she recognized that I understood it. And Dad. All three of us were drowning, and we didn't know how to save each other, but there was an understandingthat we were all drowning together. I would like to think that's what she meant when we were in the hospitaland she said, ""I see you."""
" The weird thing about both your parents being dead is it means that you're next. I mean, you know, obviously it's not like there's a wait list for dying. Any one of us could get run over by a Snapchatting teen at any moment. And you would think that knowing that would make us more adventurous, and kind, and forgiving. But it makes us small, and stupid, and petty."
" I actually had a near-death experience,recently. A stunt went bad and I fell off a building. I'm an actor. I do my own stunts. I'm on this new show Philbert. I'm Philbert. Star of the show. It hasn't come out yet, but it's already getting Emmy buzz. Oh, speaking of buzz... I've to take two of these every morning, but my days are so screwed up'cause of the shooting schedule, I don't even know what morning means anymore. There's a joke in there somewhere, about a guy who's been to so many funerals, he doesn't even know what mourning means anymore. Let you guys figure that one out for yourselves. Anyway, you know what I thought... when I was falling off the building and I went into panic mode? The last thing that my stupid brain could come up with before I died? ""Won't they be sorry."" Cool thought, brain. No, that wasn't... Would you just... Dial it back, all right?"
" I don't even know what ""they"" I wanted to be sorry. My mom, even before she died, could barely remember who I was. And of course, my dad's dead. The last conversation I ever had with him was about his novel. He was so certaint his book was his legacy. Maybe he thought it would vindicate him for all the shitty things he ever did in his stupid worthless life. Maybe it did. I don't know. I never read it. Because why would I give him that?"
" I used to be on this TV show called Horsin' Around. Seriously, hold your applause. Well held. It was written by my friend Herb Kazzaz, who's also dead now, and it starred this little girl named Sarah Lynn. And it was about these orphans. And early on, the network had a note, ""Maybe don't mention they're orphans, because audiences tend to find orphans sad and not relatable."" I never thought the orphans were sad. I always thought they were lucky because they could imagine their parents to be anything they wanted. They had something to long for. Anyway, we did this one season finale, where Olivia's birth mother comes to town. And she was a junkie,but she's gotten herself cleaned up, and she wants to be in Olivia's life again. And of course, she's like a perfect grown-up version of Olivia, and they go to the mall together and get her ears pierced, like she's always wanted and Sorry, spoiler alert for the season six finale of Horsin' Around, if you're still working your way through it. "
" Anyway, the horse tries to warn her, ""Be careful, moms have a way of letting you down."" But Olivia just thinksthe horse is jealous, and when the mom says she's moving to California, Olivia decides to go with her. And the network really juiced the cliffhanger; ''Is Olivia gone for good?'' But of course, because it's a TV show, she was not gone for good. Of course, because it's a TV show, Olivia's mother had a relapse and had to go back to rehab, so Olivia had to hitchhike all the way home, getting rides from Mr. T, Alf, and the cast of Stomp. Of course that's what happened. Because, what are you gonna do, just not have Olivia on the show? You can't have happy endings in sitcoms, not really, because, if everyone's happy,the show would be over, and above all else, the show... has to keep going. There's always more show."
" And you can call Horsin' Around dumb,or bad, or unrealistic, but there is nothing more realistic than that. You never get a happy ending,'cause there's always more show. I guess until there isn't."
" My mom would hate it if she knew that I spent so much time at her funeral talking about my old TV show. Or maybe she'd think it was funny that her idiot son couldn't even do this right. Who knows? She left no instructions for what she wanted me to say. All I know is she wanted an open casket, and her idiot son couldn't even do that right. I'll stand up here and pretend I understood how to please that woman, even though so much of my life has beenwasted in vain attempts to figure it out."
" But I keep going back to that momentin the ICU when she looked at me, and... ""I-C-U."" ""I... see... you."" Jesus Christ, we were in the intensive care unit. She was just reading a sign. My mom died and all I got was this free churro. You know the shittiest thing about all of this? Is when that stranger behind the counter gave me that free churro, that small act of kindness showed more compassion than my mother gave me her entire goddamn life. Like, how hard is it to do something nice for a person? This woman at the Jack in the Box didn't even know me. I'm your son. All I had was you!"
" I have this friend. And right around when I first met her, her dad died, and I actually went with her to the funeral. And months later, she told me that she didn't understand why she was still upset, because she never even liked her father. It made sense to me, because I went through the same thing when my dad died. And I'm going through the same thing now. "
" You know what it's like? It's like that show Becker, you know, with Ted Danson? I watched the entire run of it, hoping that it would get better,and it never did. It had all the right pieces, but it just--It couldn't put them together. And when it got canceled, I was really bummed out, not because I liked the show, but because I knew it could be so much better, and now it never would be. And that's what losing a parent is like. It's like Becker. Suddenly, you realize you'll never have the good relationship you wanted, and as long as they were alive, even though you'd never admit it, part of you, the stupidest goddamn part of you, was still holding on to that chance. And you didn't even realize it until that chance went away. ""My mother is dead, and everything is worse now."" Because now I know I will never have a mother who looks at me from across a room and says, ""BoJack Horseman, I see you."" "
" But I guess it's good to know. It's good to know that there is nobody looking out for me, that there never was,and there never will be. No, it's good to know that I am the only one that I can depend on. And I know that now and it's good.It's good that I know that. So... it's good my mother is dead."
" Well. No point beating a dead horse. Beatrice Horseman was born in 1938, and she died in 2018, and I have no idea... what she wanted. Unless she just wanted what we all want... to be seen."
 Is this Funeral Parlor B?
" On the boat. There was a girl. In New Mexico. And she trusted me. Also, I'm a zebra."
" Attention! As some of you might have heard, my mom died recently. I know you're very concerned, but I wanna let you know it will not affect my work. I'm here, and I'm doing fine. I just want to focus on the show. So, please treat this like any other day, and be extra-nice to me because I am a famous actor, not because my mom died."
" Thank you. Good. Yes, that's what I'm looking for. Just go about your business. That's good 'cause I don't want to talk about my mom."
 Hey. Did you hear my mom died?
" No. Pretty weird she died, though, huh?"
 No. I'm just saying it's weird.
 And I so don't wanna talk about it. Obsessed with my mom much? You're the one with issues.
 Did you hear my mom died?
" How is there nothing to shoot? So, what, I just have to wait around, and be alone with my thoughts? Gross."
" How hard is it to write a script, Gino? ""Oh, I'm Philbert, bang, bang. I'm a tough guy. My wife is dead! Did I kill her? Who knows? I'm cool."""
 That was pretty good. Can we just roll on that?
" Nah, I'd just be thinking about my dead mom the whole time, which would either ruin it or- Oh, God, what if it makes it better? I don't wanna know that."
 No. Yes.
" Hey, Mr. Chocolate-Hazelnut-Spread."
" No, it's fine. I'm fine. It's really fine."
 You've never lost a loved one?
 What?
 Why would she wanna run around if she's old?
 What's going on with this submarine?
 What?
 Why would she say that?
 Uh...
 Ugh.
 Who do you think you are?
 I know who you are! You know how many therapists there are named Indira? Google filled in your last name for me. Why did you tell Diana that she needed space from me?
" No, I don't wanna ""have a seat,"" and here's why. Therapists are manipulative leeches... So, when Jerry Lewis mistook me for the valet, he was carrying so much pain I could never fathom."
" And that realization allows me to forgive. Not for his sake, but for mine."
 Wow. How long was I talking?
" Wait a minute, I see what's going on here. Are you... my new best friend?"
" Diana, can I talk to you for a sec? I know you're going through something, and need boundaries, but this isn't personal, it's about the show."
 I lied. It's a 100% personal.
 But it's good! You're gonna like this. Remember you said you needed space?
" When you told me that, I didn't take it well."
" But I made a new friend, so everything is good now."
" I'm glad you think so because, fun twist, it's Dr. Indira."
" I'm seeing Dr. Indira now, as a friend. Dr. Indira's my new friend."
 What?
  Yeah.
" Diana asked me not to be friends with you, so out of respect for her, I think it's best that I continue seeing you behind her back. We can still do our lunchtime hang outs, but to cover our tracks, I'll compensate you for your time on the books. ?t'll seem as if you have a client. And, to be safe, we should invoke a therapist-to-friend confidentiality. How's that sound? So, in my dreams, I'm Philbert, and sometimes when I wake up, I don't know if I'm Philbert or if I'm me, or if I'm still dreaming."
 I'm just so glad that I can help break up your day of listening to whiny babies with some entertaining lunch time convo.
 What's going on in here?
" Hey, are we about to shoot something? I'm meeting a friend for lunch.You don't know her."
" Sounds good. Just remember, you are not responsible for the dysfunction of others."
 I'm just saying don't let him get you down.
 I don't know. Just around. It's a thing people say.
" As soon as I get the thing, I don't want it anymore. It feels cheap. So, no, I wouldn't like a bottle of water."
 Emotionally naked! 
 Not a client.
 Days. Friends for three days.
" News flash, you're not the only one going through shit. Maybe if I could talk to you, I wouldn't need to be looking for other friends."
 Real what now?
 Did I admit that?
" You know what? This has been great. I got what I wanted and I made so much progress! So, I think I'm done? Yes. You did it!"
" You changed my stripes! Dr. Indira, you're great at your job! Goodbye forever."
 Don't worry about it.
 Help with what? I was looking for someone to hang out with during my lunch. I didn't want some psycho-babbling quack job telling me to get in touch with my feelings. Who needs that?
" You don't anymore! She said it herself, you're fixed! And then after you left, I was like, ""Hey, if Diane doesn't need this, I don't need this."""
" Yeah, I'm not someone therapy works on. I might be too smart."
" Whoa, whoa. Diane, no, no. I'm not the problem here."
" None of this would have happened if I felt like I could talk to you, my friend, after my mother died."
" No, I'm just saying as an example. Why do you bring things back to my mother?"
" Uh, you heard Dr. Indira. She said we don't need her. "
" I know, but you're just as screwed up as I am. So, if-"
" Diane, it's me. Come on. We're the same."
 We were doing a routine submarine sting operation. Things got outta hand.
" Okay. Hey, Fritz. Be cool. Everybody cool. We are in a pressurized submarine in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle."
 We had to.
 We gotta make this look like an accident.
 I went to the roomwhere they were keeping the stuff.
 Only there was no stuff.
 There was a girl there. She couldn't have been older than 17.
 What? What is this?
 They weren't smuggling drugs.They were smuggling... her. Hey. Are you okay?
 I told her it was going to be okay. And... she kissed me.
 Wha--?
" Nothing. Like I said, she kissed me."
 What?
 What?
 Part of me is sure I couldn't go through. But another part knows that's a lie.
 We can't just leave her.
" Malone, you gotta believe me. I'm a good guy. If I'd known she was there, I never would've--"
 I'll be back. You wait right here.
 I'm a good guy. I didn't know that she was-
" You have to understand, I'm a good guy."
" How do you make something right when you've made it so wrong, you can never go back?"
 I'll never forget that night on The...U.S.S. New Mexico.
 It's just good to have someone to talk to.
 Who are you and what are you doing here?
 Why are you at my house?
" Oh, right. Well, I'm sure my guests will show up any minute, so, you should probably go."
 Uh...
 Um...
" God damn it, why are you here?"
" That does not sound like me. Oh, no. Mr. Peanutbutter? Partygoers? No. Is it--"
" Because I hate that it happens. I take no action to make it happen. Every year, I pray that it won't happen, and it keeps happening anyway!"
 Who cares? I don't have a costume.
" Do you mean, in the sense that we all wear costumes, such as we reveal facets of ourselves to those closest to us, but our truest selves remain hidden?"
" Oh, yeah!"
 I definitely will let it die down!
" Oh. Hey, careful with the I'm sorry.Can you put a coaster- Can someone--?"
 You! Marv's intern! You're on door duty.
 No. I don't know. Just hand out these Emmy screeners.
 What? I don't-- Just keep answering the door until I tell you to stop.
" Okay, this cider has not been sufficiently alcoholed. If I'm trapped here with all you losers,I'm at least getting drunk."
 Whoa! God! I think somebody spiked the cider!
" Well, I guess one drink won't hurt."
 Remember that time that lady freaked out 'cause she saw a mummy? Who was that lady?
 Who?
" Oh, yeah! You've brought so many wives and girlfriends to these parties, I cannot keep track."
" Uh, what? Why is the waitress here talking about pickles? Somebody order pickles?"
 What?
 Do I need to know this one? Is she gonna be around for a while?
 What? Is that what people think when I tease them?
" Remember the year that Pinky won the costume contest, but then it turned out he'd just lost all his belongings in a fire, and those clothes were all that he owned? That was classic! Oh, shit, I gotta go run the costume contest. Ow! My back! Why'd I do that?"
" Huh? No, I do not."
 What's the story on the hat?
" Oh, shit, that's right! It's Halloween. I need a costume! Good call, stranger!"
" Mom? No, I can't talk right now. Can I call you tomorrow? Or is this the one night a year you emerge from your crypt?"
 Hi.
" So, thanks for the new script pages."
" Hey, listen. That submarine scene..."
 No?
 What is that supposed to mean?
 This party sucks.
" Hey, doorman! I don't have a costume. And I don't wanna look stupid at my own bitchin' Halloween party."
 Nice! You should be a producer or something.
 But not yet. Keep manning the door.
" Hey, I need a costume. I can't be costume-less at my own party."
 Oh. What-
 No. What are- Hey.
" What do you mean, a duel? You mean like, like a duel, a duel?"
" Hold on, somebody's- Baby Bjorn Borg."
" Cute. What do you want? Oh, um, I actually wanted to introduce yourself. I mean myself.  Obviously, you already know yourself, so... Oh, God. Listen, I just wanted to tell you how much I loved Horsin' Around. It was, like, a very formative part of my childhood. So... thank you. I get a warm feeling every time I think about the song. ? Three little orphans, one, two, three... ?"
 I'm sorry. I'm on the phone right now.
" Yeah, Mom, I'm still here. No, it was nobody important."
 What's up with the waitress?
 Kar-nina! Don't go!
" All right, fine."
" Let's make this an annual thing, though, okay? I wanna see all of you, back here, next year! No matter what!"
" Mom, I gotta go. Okay? I'll call you tomorrow. Yeah. We will figure out Dad's funeral. And... I'm... I'm sorry. You! Boy! What's going on?"
" I always thought that when this happened, I would feel something. I don't know what, but something. But I don't feel anything. What's wrong with me?"
" Yeah, sure, good idea. Stick around for as long as you want."
 Where's everybody going? It's Halloween!
" Hey, let's do this again next year."
 I love Halloween.
 I don't know what's real anymore. And I don't know if I care.
 She was gonna get us all killed.
 I tried to stop him!
 Fritz! He was hopped up on goof-berries.
 I think I shot him.
 Would you say we're co-stars?
" I mean, I'm Philbert. I'd say we're more like both in the cast?"
 I had no choice. He was strangling my wife!
 I- It's all a blur. It feels like a dream.
 I buried them. In the same place I'm gonna bury you. Right here.
 There's no time for that now. The nuclear missiles are coming.
 What the hell are goof-berries?
 You better. I basically had to go through a whole pen on that thing.
" Hey, I'd help you with your bag, but you know, my back."
 It's cool that you came through Los Angeles on your way home.
 Really?
 Joby is the guy in your dorm who plays guitar?
 That's great.
" You know, I always thought I would make a good college person. Roaming the campus, sticking it to the crusty old dean with my rowdy 'tude, having friends, and learning things, and just, uh, being young."
 You look as if you saw Ghost in the Shell and you're Scarlett Johansson's publicist.
" Hollyhock, whoa. It's okay.That's ancient history. My mom is dead, so nobody is going to drug you with secret pills. All right? Now, how about we make new, fun, memories to cancel out the old ones?"
 No doy!
" Oh, I don't keep junk food in the house, ever since last night when I ate all of my ice cream."
" Oh, that's just my new system I'm trying. I'm down to one bottle a day."
" No, I don't need AA. Would you get outta there?"
 What? No.
 With your greasy pizza fingers? Forget it.
 Hey.
" What? Oh, those..."
" No, Hollyhock. God, no."
 What? Of course not. Hollyhock. No. Give me the- no!
" Hollyhock, those were for my back!"
 Yes.
" It's not your fault. Your generation's been brainwashed by McGruff the Crime Dog. Who, by the way, I met at a party once? Didn't ask me a single question about me."
" Right, well, these were good pills. I told you I'm on a system now. I'm not ""doing drugs."" This was medicine."
" Oh, sure. I'll just call the pharmacy and say, ""Hey, girl, you know that highly-addictive opioid I'm supposed to take every three hours? Well, I kind of misplaced them, so could I just get some more? I'm totally not a drug addict."""
" No. It's fine. Let's enjoy our time together, even though I'm in tremendous pain. I'll try to forget it, but the whole time we might be thinking about it. I do not blame you, but if you blame yourself, that is okay with me."
" I do know a guy, but he's somewhat ""south of Pico,"" if you know what I mean."
" Okay, okay, let's go."
" Trust me. This doctor is the sleaziest, dopiest, scurviest of the scurvy."
 Exactly.
 Dr. Hu! Thank you for squeezing us in!
" Oh, right."
 No. Hu.
 Congratulations.
" Oh, deffo. I mean, you know, get help or, you know, work out a system on your own. Even, you know, whatever's right for you. Anyway, I'm trying to get my handson some Feelbetterin?"
" Yeah. I know what you're thinking, but I legitimately have a herniated disc."
" No, my mother. Her mother was a maid who got knocked up by my dad, but she got adopted by eight other dads."
" This story, specifically? Even the ""eight dads"" part?"
" It's fine. We're spending time together, that's all that matters."
" When this is done, maybe it'll make a great story you can tell that kid you have a crush on."
" Oh, okay."
 There's this actress I was kind of seeing while we were working together and I might have left some pills at her place. She made it clear she doesn't want to see me again but she's not home now. Why do I know Gina's schedule?
 She has a book club with dumb Nicole who keeps picking very long Italian books that Nicole doesn't even read. Why do I know about Gina's friends?
" I have my ways. Well, I'm out of ways."
" Ooh, good thinking! I'll stand guard."
" Oh, shit."
" Oh, my God! What happened to book club?"
" I just wanted to check on you. Wait, Gina. No, stay outside. I just-- I need to talk to you. Slowly."
" Well, I just been thinking that...we should keep looking at this relationship. Like all parts of this relationship. Like even in the junk drawer, in the kitchen of this relationship. Or the bathroom cabinet."
" I want you to know that you are top-shelf, Gina. Know what I mean? Top shelf."
 Yes!
" Okay, I gotta run."
 Well...
" Yeah, but like I said, I really gotta run."
" Uh, yes. I totally think that is possible, which is why I can't wait to talk about this tomorrow!"
 I'll call you!
" Think I need to call her, or did I leave things open enough where I can kinda ghost?"
" Kidding! I'll call her. I'm very fond of that woman. And I'm sure that things are gonna work out fine, and we can find a way to be happy together and I won't hurt her in a way that she carries with her for the rest of her life."
 Lemme get them pills. What the hell? These aren't my pills!
 Not your fault. It's just... my back. I got another idea.
 She'll be fine. Nobody needs pills.
" Again, and... I hate to keep harping on this, we wouldn't be here if someone hadn't dumped my medicine."
 It is where they did the drag race in Grease. Where do you think they make movies?
" What? No. Oh, shit. No, it's a costume. I just finished filming a show."
" Okay, this guy's a cop."
 No. You can see the outline of his badge under his tee-shirt!
 Uh...
 Whoa!
 Run!
" Here, get up."
 Come on! We have to keep moving!
 There's gotta be another way to get pills. How about calling this Joby? He sounds like a druggie.
 Yeah.
" Well, the adrenaline kicked in."
" Hollyhock, how many times-"
" Okay. You go to college and suddenly you're so sophisticated, and I'm a dumb junkie, is that it?"
 You don't understand anything! I am in pain.
" All the time. my whole life. And you have no idea. So, sorry that you had one bad experience with my mom, but I have been in pain my whole life."
 Okay.
" Hollyhock, I'm sorry."
" Maybe, it's possible that I don't...100-percent need-need the pills. I thought I did, but- yeah. So, thank you for... caring about me."
 Yeah.
" No. God, no. Stay... stay in school. And take your classes, and kiss boys, and do the college thing. I'm gonna be fine. I get it. Drugs are bad."
 Okay.
 Yes. I promise.
 Hmm.
 Whew. Ugh! Uh...
" Agh, oh! Gah! Bleh! Agh! Ow...!"
 How have I gained weight? Spent two weeks in a hospital hooked up to a feeding tube.
 It's basically a feeding tube.
 I'm about to be. Reviews are out.
" ""Surprising depth""? God, they always gotta slant it. Why can't it just be ""depth""?"
" Oh, and I bet ""eponymous"" was supposed to be a pun on ""pony."""
" Well, don't let it go to your head. Probably just because you're a good actor. Anyway, I got you something for the premiere party."
" Well, don't let it go to your head. It's because you visited me in the hospital every day, and I got used to having you around, and it turns out I like you."
" Oh, uh, well..."
" Well, yeah, I just... I'm not sure the world is ready for, um, BoJina."
" What do you want, Mr. Peanutbutter?"
 What pickles?
" Uh, hello. Are you the pickles?"
" Oh, right. The waitress."
 I don't know what this is. Why did you call me?
 Hard no.
" Okay, bye."
" Oh, uh, yeah."
" FYI, you're gonna want pictures of herafter you see what she does in Philbert. Let me tell you something, that 39-year-old actress is going places."
 Oh. Hey.
" Oh, just some asshole got T-boned by me."
" Uh... couple weeks ago? Or months? As Philbert says, ""Time is like a woman; completely impossible to comprehend."""
" Okay. That's-that's always a good sign, when you have to clarify that. Look, folks, Herb is being modest."
" I'm sorry. Flip. Did I say Herb? Herb is being modest, but he put together a tremendous show that I think that you guys are really gonna love."
" And the most amazing thing about this show is that I'm sure we all have Philberts in our lives, or we are Philberts. You know, we've all done terrible things that we deeply regret. I've done so many... unforgivable things. And I think that, that's what this show says. Is that... is that we're all terrible, so therefore we're all... okay."
 And I think that's a really powerful message.
 Nothing's lonelier than a party.
 That's incredible.
" Oh, sure. Gina, do you mind if I, um...?"
 Hey.
" Oh, I don't know--"
" Diane, it's a compliment. You did a good job. Relax."
" What is your problem? Why can't you accept that something you did is successful? It's connecting to people, and that's good."
 Excuse me?
 Am I?
" Oh, bullshit. Don't give me that."
 No. You know me. You do.
" Look, I... I don't know what you think that you know--"
" Well, that's-"
 How-?
" Jesus Christ, why are you so obsessed with me?"
 You never asked!
 What I don't understand is why you feel like you deserve to know every shitty thing I ever did.
 Why is that your business? 
 Oh! So you're worried about things that I may have done because you think that it reflects badly on you? Hurts your brand? That's your moral high ground?
" Wanna know about New Mexico? You want to know about the one little thing that I did in New Mexico, which, by the way, wasn't even really a thing?"
" No, I'm gonna tell you. I'll tell you what you want. And while I'm at it, you wanna hear about what happened at the MTV beach house? Or why I'm not allowed to fly United anymore? Or what happened with Sharona, the makeup lady on Horsing Around?"
 Or the dozens of other shady things that may or may not have occurred in my life that I can barely even remember 'cause I was high or drunk or it was 30 years ago?
" Yeah, of course I do! I've spent so much time feeling bad. By the way, most of these women...don't even remember, I bet."
" I'm the one who has to live with this shit. I'm the one who has to feel the guilt all day, every day."
" Yeah, and I know that's not the woke, progressive, intersectionally appropriate thing to say, but I would say, yeah! I'm the one who has suffered the most because of the actions of BoJack Horseman."
" Yeah, I have!"
 The most!
 Don't talk to me about her.
 I'm serious.
 Shut up.
 You folks having a good time?
 That's- ! No.
 Why are you bringing this shit up? Is this fun for you? To really rub in-
" You win! You scored all the points in the argument! According to facts, you are right and I am wrong, like always. But you know what? I don't care. Because I'm trying to move forward."
" Yes! Congratulations! You are the last person to get that. I'm not gonna change. I don't need your help for changing, so you can stop trying to make me your project."
" When I met you, I was depressed because I didn't like myself. And when you wrote that book and sold a bajillion copies, you taught me that as screwed up as I am, that's okay. You did that. And now I'm okay."
" Diane, come on."
" No, Diane, we're saying things,but let's just go back to the party."
" I went to New Mexico to see Charlotte. She was married with a daughter. But it wasn't like...what you're thinking. She was 17, which is the legal age of consent in New Mexico, and she wasn't drunk, so, not that I wanted to, I never... I didn't. That's the dumbest part of all of this! I didn't do anything. I mean, the fact that this has turned into such a thing for you- you know, maybe I didn't tell you because there was nothing to tell. Did you ever think of that? She was my friend's daughter, and she wanted it, and I was... I was in a bad place because Charlotte had just- So, then she came onto my boat, Charlotte, I mean, and she walked in, and I was with her daughter. But again, nothing had happened yet."
 Nothing happened.
" Diane, no!"
 You wanted me to tell you. I told you. You know everything.
" Diane, please."
 Excuse me.
 Previously on Philbert...
" Now I see why they call you ""Sassy."""
 Fritz! But you're dead!
" I haven't had sex that good since my wife died. To be clear, the sex was pre-death."
 Those were bad guys! They stole the mayor's submarine.
" You can't do that, Marjorie."
" Fritz, you maniac! What are you doing?"
 Oh-hh!
 He was strangling my wife!
 There's no time for that now. The nuclear missiles are coming.
"  It's been six months since the missiles hit. The air is thick with the stench of death, and the hospitals are delivering some very wacky babies. But, finally, they reopened the Yogurtland near me. Sometimes, even mushroom clouds have a silver lining."
" Now I continue to see why they call you ""Sassy."""
 It's also been six months since I told Sassy the truth. About Fritz. My wife. And Sassy hasn't turned me in. I think she likes me.
 Ugh!
 Why?
" It's been two months since the first season of Philbert came out. And it's a hit. Which is great for me, but even better for Gina."
 And the weird part is I'm not secretly bitter and jealous. I like seeing her happy. But I still have this little rancid itch saying something isn't right. It's like there's always something lurking just beyond the horizon.
 Philbert the Troubled Detective. I see. Thank you.
" What am I supposed to tell her, I'm just an old-fashioned guy? Or maybe I like things that are plugged to the wall? Something to grab onto if I start floating away. That was my wife's landline."
 Never mind that. The chief's been murdered.
" Sassy, put on some pants. You've got a sweet bottom, but the only bottom I'm interested in right now is the bottom of this case, and getting to it. Because this time, it's personnel."
" Did you want me to say, ""This time it's personal""?"
" Ah, okay."
" Gina, you noticed anything funky about these new scripts?"
" What? No. I mean the story with the chief. I think it's stolen from my life. I mean, I also had a male boss who died. Herb Kazazz."
" The chief is named Basil. Like basil, which is an herb! Like Herb."
 Diane would.
" You think Flip read her book ?Wait a minute. ""Her book."" ""Herb... ook."""
" I'm gonna get to the bottom of this because this time, it's business. Personal business."
" Hey, friend. Where'd you get your ideas from? I'm just-- I'm so interested in your process. Do you make them up, or get inspired by other things or people's... lives?"
 Popsicle guys?
 What are you talking about?
" Something's going on. I must be singing a song called ""Crazy"" because everyone's treating me like a patsy. All I know for sure is Flip's hiding something. Something about ""popsicle guys."""
" Yeah, fine."
" Oh. Uh, I guess I've been a little distracted."
 What?
 I'm not gonna screw up this professional opportunity for you. Your concern is very touching.
" If you really cared, you should've been there the day I fell off a building? But no. You had other important business to attend to."
" You're doing a great job, making me feel like you give a shit. You're gonna be an awesome mom."
" Oh, for real? With a side order of, ""Ya think?"" And sundry retorts of that fashion."
" Fine! And... I'm sorry, about the mom thing."
 I can't sleep.
 Flip was acting very suspicious.
" Princess Carolyn's getting all up in my business! She told me that I seem ""not okay,"" and was ""spinning out,"" and ""would make a great mom."""
 I'd be a wonderful mother!
" Watch it, BoJack. You're losing it. Gotta be cool for Gina. What's something a cool person would say?"
" Uh, hey, Daddy-O. Gotta splitsville to the lavatory if you catch my drift. Hang ten!"
 Nailed it. Huh?
 Uh... you do?
" Yeah, you're probably right."
 Uh...?
 The BoJack Mysteries will continue after this.
 Who sent this? What do they know? Do they know things? Let's find out.
" Uh, no, nothing came today! I wasn't looking at anything. Why are you so insistent that something came today? Obsessed with things coming much?"
" Whatever this creep has on me could ruin the show, And there goes Gina's new found happiness. I gotta find out who sent this. For her sake. This case is like the movie, Love Actually. No leads."
" She will. We got a lot of history, me and the coroner. Here's a picture. She used to be one of my closest friends."
 Times change.
 Diane! Diane! Diane! I know you sent me the note!
" What note? The one you slipped under my door. See, great actors embody their roles, so I've picked up some detective skills. That letter ""I"" is in a nerd font. I'd say it's from The Believer. And you're the only person who reads The Believer."
 You love revealing my secrets. And not sharing your cobbler! Who else could have done it?
 She's right.Lotta people have it out for me.
 But who the hell would want to hurt the chief?
 A second strangling victim.
" Hey, there's being sassy, and there's going over the line with humor. Literally."
" Yeah, suspects. Gotta keep it together and go through the suspects."
 Who would wanna take down BoJack Horseman?
 Huh. No. Don't call Charlotte.That's a terrible idea. Don't do it.
 Uh...
 I'm doing a survey for the cable company.
" On a scale of one to ten, how would you rate your cable service? "
" And on a scale of one to ten, how is your marriage?"
" Oh, okay. Uh..."
" Okay, so it sounds like your wife isn't obsessed with a desire to exact revenge on a former friend?"
 For cable-related reasons or otherwise?
" Okay, wonderful. On a scale of one to ten, how would you rate your daughter's sexual maturity?"
 I'm just reading what's in front of me.
" Uh, let's say that one is, ""Horribly scarred by an older man she trusted and is now dedicated to getting the word out about the bad thing he did,"" and ten is, ""Slowly explored her body in a healthy way on her own timetable and is now completely emotionally well-adjusted?"" "
" Okay, thanks, bye!"
" Gotta get back to Scotland. You're the man now, dawg. Well, that didn't pan out."
" We got no leads, and the Olive Garden won't deliver. Sure, when you're there, you're ""family."""
" Yeah, this case just gets strangler and strangler. You made puns!"
" So many people could have sent that note. Why do so many people hate me? Oh, put up a picture of Crispin Glover. Apparently, I spilled coffee on his shirt in a dream he had."
" Hey, if you're gonna whine like that, put your own picture on the wall too. Oh, shit, what time is it? I gotta get to set. "
" Oh, yeah. We are, in fact, on set."
 Wha-?
" Shh, shh, shh!"
 Sha-sha-shh!
 Shh! Shh!
 Someone is hiding something.
 Yes. I did talk to Diane.
 What whole thing?
" No. I'm telling you, this whole thing is rotten, Gina."
 What?
" Right. Um, no. This whole thing is rotten, Sassy."
 Okay.
 Fritz!
" Fritz, you're not real."
 You don't have to do this. You can trust me.
 And that's why I still have a landline.
 The pieces are starting to fit together. Literally.
 He's got a secret he won't tell me. And he's not alone. That's why she keeps checking on me- to make sure that I'm not getting too close to the truth. Who else is in on it? Mr. Peanutbutter. He's up to something. Something involving... Diane! But what do they all have in... Common? They all made Philbert. This whole show is designed to reveal my secrets and destroy me. And poor Gina is caught up in the madness. I have to find a way protect her! Get it?
 Protect Gina. Got it. The Fascinating Mysteries of Detective BoJack Who Is Great... will continue after this. What...?
 Aren't we on set?
" Why didn't you come earlier? Are you trying to take me down, too?"
" Hey, everyone! BoJack's here, ready to shoot! What are we waiting for? Come on."
 I can't tell her the truth. She's safer knowing nothing.
 Oh. Sorry. Too many night shoots. It's so hard to lie to her.
" More real than you even know, dollface."
 Face. Clocks have faces. That's it!  
Where the hell is he going?
" Todd Chavez. The man in charge. The guy who has a face, which is what clocks have, and also hands, which clocks have, too. I should have known his clocky-handy face was behind this."
" The gif is up, bozzo. Spill the beefs."
" ""Oopsie, gotta poopsie""? That sounds like a thing Philbert would say, right?"
" So, you wrote the note!"
" Tell me the truth, Chavez! Have you always been secretly jealous of me? Did you hate that you were a nothing and I was a successful cop? Did you create this entire television show to destroy me?"
 This ends now.
 Ooh!
 Fritz! Put down the gun.
 Don't. Don't pull the trigger!
 No!
 Fritz is getting away! 
 What?
" Gina. Someone is trying to take me down, take the show down."
 I'm doing this for you.
 Huh?
 Huh?
 Agh!
 I never sleep.
 I've noticed you noticing.
 Try me.
 Gina?
 Hey. Those are mine. Okay? I need those.
" Sassy, I'm not the bad guy here. It's Fritz."
" I didn't want to tell you this, but he's back. I don't know how. Maybe the nuclear blast resurrected him somehow. You're my partner. We need to find him."
 What?
 What are you saying?
 Why would I do that?
 But did you know that I love bocce ball?
" Come on. Gina. I'm serious, Gina. I need those pills!"
" You have no idea what I'm going through.I'm trying to protect you, Gina!"
 Someone is trying to blackmail me.
 What?
 Huh.
 You sent this note. It was you.
 Bullshit.
 No! No!
" Well, I- I guess I've been a little distracted."
" No. It's not high, Gina, that's not-It makes things normal."
" Oh, your show?"
" No, that's very helpful. I understand what you're worried about. I thought it was me, but it's your show."
 It would really be a shame if your show was ruined by your boyfriend's debilitating drug problem.
 Where would you go to sing with your popsicle dancers?
 Give me my pills back!
" So, what happens now?"
 Are you kidding?
 That man is dead!
 Gina. I'm not kidding. The pills. Now!
 Give them to me!
" Gina, no. Come on."
" Gina, no. Uh...!"
 Uh...?
 Hello?
 Weird. Am I supposed to be on set right now?
 Okay.
 What? Ugh.
 Uh...I don't know. We shot some stuff?
" Oh, my God, she did?"
 Footage?
 Right. But I wasn't.
 What did happen?
 She makes news fun!
" Well, it seems like you've got everything under control."
 I can take care of myself. I know you've got a lot on your plate.
" Oh, sure. That is why new mothers always seem so chilled-out and well-rested."
 M'kay.
 Am I crazy or was she kind of hitting on me?
 This should be fun.
 You gotta show me this video.
" I'll look like an idiot if I don't know what I'm talking about. Just let me see it. How bad could it be? Cut to, ""Ooh, it's really bad!"" But, no, seriously, can I see it?"
" Hey, wow, look at me go."
 Oh. Oh!
" Oh, look out, I'm getting really, um... Well, this looks like..."
 Because I'm actually...
 Hey.
 Are you okay? You look good.
" Gina, I'm so sorry."
 I'm gonna come clean about everything.
 Everyone needs to know what I did.
" Gina, what I did to you-I saw the video and it looked pretty bad."
 Yeah.
" Okay, so..."
 I can't lie about this.
" Gina, I-"
" Can we talk about it, maybe after the interview?"
" Um, yeah."
 This is all a misunderstanding.
" Yep, actors."
" Oh, boy. Looks like you got your scoop!"
 Uh...-Sure thing.
" The last time I saw you, you said you still believed I could be a better person. Do you still believe that?"
 I need you to write one of your take-downs. About me.
" You can't write anything about Gina, but... the other stuff. Everything. I need to get it out."
" Diane, please, I need this. I'm a bad guy and the world needs to know."
 I am asking to be held accountable.
 I don't know how to do that!
" Hey, do you think my cactus is gonna be okay if I'm not there for six weeks?"
 Is this a mistake?
 What do I say... when I go in?
" What if I get sober... and I'm still the same awful person I've always been, only more... sober?"
 Don't be shitty.
 Then why are we doing this? Let's turn around and go home.
 Is that okay?
" I don't understand why you're being so nice to me. After everything you know about me, all the shit I put you through."
 Why?
" I'm gonna say,""Hello. I am BoJack Horseman. Obviously, you know who I am, because I'm very famous,and also we called ahead. And I am here because... I need help."""
 Sarah Lynn. Sarah Lynn?
" I don't have a lot to tell. She called me. She sounded a little off. I... So, I drove to the planetarium, and I found her passed out. I called 911 right away, but it was too late. I'm so sorry. I did everything I could."
 I have no idea.
" I mean, of course I knew she was doing a lot of drugs. But that's who she was. Who I was. It felt like we could keep partying forever and it wouldn't catch up with us."
 I was in a bad way. And Sarah Lynn followed me down because she thought I was a safe place. What have I done?
 I gotta make some changes in my life. Starting now.
 I need help. Hello? Ah!
 Great.
" A hundred thou-- Jesus! Does every room come with a free bag full of $90,000?"
 And yet somehow you found a way.
 What? No.
" I'm not in the mood. I look awful, first of all."
" Hey, groundhog. I said no. Why don't you go see your own shadow so I can get six more weeks of ""Leave Me the Hell Alone""?"
" Thank you. Now if you'll kindly direct me to my room, I would like to beginthe process of healing, so I can finally stop hurting the people around me, dipshit!"
 Oh.
 Yes. Let it out.
 Yeah.
" Denise, thank you for sharing your story. So brave."
 Uh-huh.
 Hold on a sec. What?
 When wasn't the first time I drank? Am I right?
" I do. I feel good, I feel clear."
 I don't believe that is an expression.
" I don't deflect. Hey, is that a new tie? Because I love it."
" I came here to take responsibility for myself, and all I keep hearing is, ""It's not your fault, you are powerless over your addiction."""
" And while we're at it, why 12 steps? That is way too many. Nobody wants to do 12 of anything. Did you see 12 Years a Slave and think, ""Twelve. That's a short numberof years to be a slave""?"
" I'm here because I made choices. Nobody made me drink. My addiction didn't pull a knife on me and say, ""Hey, bub! Drink this alcohol,or I'm gonna strangle you. After I put down this knife, which now seems unnecessary."""
 No kidding.
" See, usually the point of sayings is they illustrate complicated concepts via straight forward allegory. I really admire that your sayings don't do that."
" So, the gate code is one, two, three, four, five, six?"
 No.
" Well, my parents practiced the art of being terrible parents."
" Really? Everyone's being honest? Doug over here, who keeps dressing in a suit and tie even though he's never getting his finance job back?"
 And Joan Tripplehorn? We all know you're just Jeanne Tripplehorn wearing fake glasses!
 And that guy with the fake mustacheis obviously actor Jay Hernandez who's just here to do research for a role.
" Yeah, well, let's talk about Jameson."
 She would love to get sober but still has her friend McCaitlyn sneak her water bottles filled with vodka every visiting day.
" This is your fifth time in rehab. Maybe it's a sign it's not working, huh?"
" Everyone, just as a general rule, if you're checking into rehab more than once, either you're a lost cause......or this is just an industry that profits off of repeat customers, so maybe they don't have your best interest at heart."
 How's that for honest?
" Yeah, it's always someone else's fault, right?"
 I know everything you've been through. I listen in group! Your mom died of cancer. Your dad stuck you in boarding school and remarried. And now there's a new baby and no one pays attention to you. But it's not his fault you're drinking in rehab.
" Hey, if you don't wanna be here, the gate code is one, two, three, four, five, six. You could sneak out the upstairs window after midnight bed check by tying your sheets into a rope and nobody would notice you're gone until wake-up. But... is that what you really want?"
 Holy sheet!
 I've heard of being at the end of my rope...but this is ridiculous!
" Because I had to break it to her that you weren't going to be her new mommy, international supermodel Cindy Crawfish!"
" I'm nervous, okay? This is my first on-camera kiss, and it's with Cindy Crawfish."
 Ha-ha-ha!
 No. I'll handle it.
 Mm.
" Hey, what's in this orange juice?"
" Oh. No, no, I don't--"
" Hey, no way, the party's just beginning. Let's do one more take! You up for more acting, Cindy?"
" Hey, Sharona, how 'bout some more of that OJ?"
" Holy sheet. I've heard of being at the end of my rope, but this...is very serious! Jameson! Don't cut the string that connects you to the kite that is you!"
 I don't know! I was just trying to come up with one of those dumb rehab sayings!
 You don't need to do that.
" Because I'm the idiot who helped you escape. So, if you OD tonight, then I'm the one who'll have to lie to everyone about what happened."
 God damn it.
 This is your boyfriend's house? You can't go in there.
 Okay.
 Um...
 Um. Oh. Mm.
" Uh, yeah. I mean, sí!"
" Ah, yeah, bye, Katie. Ugh."
" Oh, no, thank you. I mean, drinking's cool, it's just that we're underage, and, you know, the law-'"
" You know what? I'll have one beer. Okay, who am I? Who am I? ""I'm Eric from chemistry class!"""
" Speaking of losers, there's Josh! Look, he's wearing K-Mart shoes because his family's poor! Katie's not laughing because she always thinks she's better than everyone. Hey, remember last year when one of Katie's boobs grew bigger than the other? ""Look at me, I'm Katie!"""
" Oh, yeah. Bartender, one more."
 What's wrong?
" Look, it's okay. You were gonna break up with him anyway. And your friend sucks."
 No. You don't need a drink. You need to get back to bed and get some sleep.
" Okay, Jameson, you need to be responsible for yourself. Now, I think that you should come back to Pastiches with me, like you promised. But if you wanna go to your dad's house, all you have to do is steal Dathan's car, and I heard Michele with one ""L"" is about to jump naked into the pool, so everyone's gonna be distracted, which means this is the perfect time. But is that really what you want?"
 What the... God damn it! Stupid... Oh.
 I need you to find the address of some rich guy.
" All I know for sure is that he's the father of a girl named Jameson, who's super annoying."
 Fine! Be that way. Todd'll help me. Can you patch me through to Todd?
" I don't know his number. I only remember your number because it was such a dumb number with all those fours. Four, four, six, four..."
 And it ends with a three! Talk about an anti-climax! What kind of phone number ends with a three?
" Todd, I need you to track down an address for me. You're the world's best hacker, right?"
" Okay, I gotta go."
 Uh-huh.
 Right.
 Uh-huh.
 Uh-huh.
" I don't remember my question, but I'm gonna guess no."
 No!
" Hey, do you know where Jameson lives?"
" Ugh, I don't know."
 Where is the nearest Jameson?
 Whoa. Is that the car from Ferris Bueller's Day Off?
 What are you talking about?
" Whoa, whoa, whoa! Parents are terrible. But destroying things isn't gonna change them. All you can change is you."
" Dad, you there? Mom said since you didn't come home, I should bring you your dinner. And she said to tell you she hopes you like cold, burnt pot roast that was spit on. Huh? Dad?"
" What were you doing, Dad?"
 I am?
 Huh? Did I fall asleep? I feel sick. 
 I'm sorry.
 Okay.
 You know what? Screw your dad.
 You're just a kid. Why do you have to be responsible for all the ways he screwed you up?
" Yeah, and I bet your mom sucked too!"
" Chick ch'ka... Oh, no."
" Oh, boy."
 Oh.
 Listen-
 What?
 No.
" I could send you a swag bag from Felicity Huffman's Booty Academy, but you should probably wash the thong before wearing it."
 Change is hard. Takes a long time.
 Actually...she told me she just wanted to come here to see her baby.
 Jesus Christ. You have no idea how lucky you are. I wish I had someone when I was your age who cared about me enough to put me in rehab.
 Really?
 I'm getting too old to sneak in and out of places.
" No. I just snuck out and I'm coming back, so, you know, put me down for kitchen clean-up duty or whatever the punishment is for sneaking out."
 Yeah. Okay. Sign me up for six weeks. Starting now.
 Sure.
" Sorry, I can tell I'm interrupting your meeting with David O. Russell, so I'll make this quick. I'm making a list of people I need to apologize to."
 Yeah. And I don't wanna waste your time with another apology.
" But do you remember the name of that assistant from, like, 20 years ago who I screamed at for bringing me a room-temp Capri Sun and told to quit the business? Whatever happened to that guy?"
" So, I gave him good advice, then?"
 No good. I slept with a Riley once. Didn't end well.
 Maybe you should not ask me about any women's names.
 It's me. I stole Mr. Peanutbutter's phone. I had to- Wait. Is Mr. Peanutbutter your favorite client?
" Your ""favorite client"" just showed up at my rehab for the friends and family meeting."
" Not important. But can you please come collect your ""favorite client""?"
 Thanks.
 Hey.
" Hey, you okay? You've been asleep for a really long time."
" Oh, yeah! Mr. Peanutbutter."
" Oh, God, no. This can't be happening. Um..."
 No-
 I did not invite-
" Wait, is Doctor Champ just your name? Are you not a doctor?"
 We're sitting in a circle. They're all good seats.
 Why don't you go looking in your car? Maybe you left it there.
 No. But he-
"Wait, uh..."
 Mr. Peanutbutter-
" Look, I don't know what's going on with you, although I'm pretty sure either you or Doug cheated on Pickles, but I understand that feeling of needing to bottle up your guilt, not burden other people with it."
" You think you're protecting them from your toxicity, you convince yourself that you're being selfless, but...it comes out in other ways and it infects everything."
" So, then I said, ""No. It's rehab."" And then he left. That was two days ago."
" Yeah, and you're probably worried about your baby, too, right?"
" Um, so, I don't wanna waste any more of your time. I just wanted to say that I know you're really busy and I'm sorry for making your life more difficult this week and also always. Also, I know that my apologies are pretty much meaningless at this point, and I'm sorry for that, too."
" I don't know. You got so much goin' on, I didn't wanna bother you."
 Okay. Thank you.
" Dear Diane, hello. This is a letter. Rehab is making me write a letter to a friend because I guess letter writing is therapeutic? I hear it did wonders for the Zodiac killer. Anyway, rehab's going fine. A lot of hikes and movie nights and yoga, and I think next week, we're doing a color war. And it's good that I'm here, and it's good that I'm not drinking or taking pills, but I keep thinking about how this isn't real life. It's summer camp. Temporary. Easy. As nice as this is, I know that someday I'll have to go back to the real world."
" Anyway, that's my letter. I probably won't even send it, but if you're reading this, I guess I did? Your friend, BoJack. P.S. Horseman."
" Dear Diane, hello. I am writing you another letter. Today sucks. There's this new lady here, Beverly, and she took my snack kit. And that is so classic Beverly. Probably. I just met her. The whole point of the snack kits is they're communal, right? They're these bags full of snacks that we take on our morning hikes, and we put them together the night before as, like, a team-building thing. Yesterday, I decided to throw an extra bag of candied nuts into a snack kit, something just for me. And I marked my bag with a ""B"" so I'd know which one to grab in the morning. ""B"" for ""BoJack."" But then today, I see Beverly, who, again, just got here, waltzing around the house with my snack kit, saying, ""Oh, somebody made a special kit just for me! B for Beverly!I must have a secret admirer!"" Again, just got here! "
" The story of my life is that I never get anything nice. You'd think that I'd learn to adjust my expectations by now. But, no. Once again, I was the idiot who got my hopes up about candied nuts, and now I am disappointed with no one to blame but myself. Anyway, what's new with you? Just kidding, you can't say anything, this is a letter! Okay, talk soon. BoJack."
" Dear Diane, I'm sure you are dying to know how this Beverly secret admirer situation is going, so I'll cut right to the chase."
" I started writing ""BH"" on my snack kits to clear up any confusion about who the extra nuts are for. But now Beverly thinks ""BH"" stands for Beverly, here-ya-go. ""Beverly here ya go""? Why would the ""H"" stand for You know what? Doesn't matter. The dumbest part is that Beverly doesn't even eat candied nuts. She's allergic. So she usually just ends up giving her nuts to me. Doctor Champ would probably say that means something. That the universe has a way of looking out for us if we just stop fighting it, but... I don't know. Anyway, I guess it's working. Hope things are working for you, too. BoJack."
" Dear Diane, it was Beverly's last day yesterday. Everyone is real excited for her, but she spent the whole day sulking because she never found out who her secret admirer was. Frankly, it was getting pretty annoying, so finally I just say, ""It was me! I'm in love with you!"" And she goes, ""Oh. I was hoping it was Mario."" And then she starts crying. And everyone looks at me like, ""Way to go, you made Beverly cry on her last day."" So, the thing I keep thinking about is... was it worth it for Beverly to be happy for a little bit, even though it ended up sad? Or would it have been better if the whole thing never happened? "
" Every time someone leaves rehab... it makes you think about your own progress. Some days it feels like you're not progressing at all, other days you think, ""Well, maybe a little."" The main thing I think about is how stupid I am that I didn't do this sooner. I wasted so many years being miserable because I assumed that was the only way to be. But I don't wanna do that anymore. Also, am I crazy or have I gotten really good at writing letters? This is BoJack, by the way."
 This is Eduardo. He's here to keep me out of trouble.
 Nothing. The whole point is he doesn't panic. Sober companion.
" Very helpful. Thank you, Eduardo."
 How are we back in a conversation?
" Thank God, I'm so glad you're here. Never leave my side."
" Great, your apartment's a dump. Where are you moving to? Uh, not Echo Park. I'll never see you."
 Chicago? Chicago Chicago?
 Why Chicago?
" I never thought this would have so much practical application in my life, but you could tie some sheets together and make a rope."
 Down!
" So, why Chicago? What? What's the draw? Is it the rampant gun violence? Or do you just like seeing improv actors who aren't good enough for LA? Or is there a guy?"
" What's his name, your suitor? Your gentleman caller?"
 Fine. What's your guy's name?
 What's the name of the guy you are moving to Chicago for?
 Hey. Give me that.
 Uh...
" Go, baby! Go to mama! Oh."
" What? Stay out of my shit, MarciFartz!"
 Impossible.
 It's not because of me that you're moving to Chicago?
 Here.
 You know how in AA they give you chips?
" Using that. But they're a big deal, the chips. Sure, they brainwash you into thinking they're more important than they are, but when I got my two-month chip... I thought, ""I wish Diane could see this."""
 Go to her.
 Go to Pickles. Go now.
 No. You go to her. Leave this room.
 Is this mess why you're moving to Chicago?
 I get it.
 Yeah.
 You seem okay.
 I'll be okay.
" That's not a friendship, that's a hostage situation. Go to Chicago. I'll be fine."
 This is Eduardo. Don't mind him. He's just keeping me sober.
 Uh.
 I did?
" Well, did I tell you about Gina?"
 And Sarah Lynn?
 What about the time I sneezed on Marisa?
 Who was she?
" What do you mean, done?"
" Hey, uh, guys? Uh, excuse me, everyone? I just wanted to raise a non-alcoholic toast to Denise."
" We've all been through so much together, and it's never easy to say goodbye. Remember when Doug left?"
" Or Jameson? Or sweet, sweet Bongo?"
 To Denise!
" I didn't realize we're the last of our original group. God, we had some good times, huh?"
" Yeah. But you're ready, right?"
" Yeah, you're ready."
" I don't know. Things are kinda working for me. Staying out of trouble, got the fancy room, finally perfected my egg-white omelet order. The secret is egg yellows. I might do another six weeks."
" In crisis of being too cool, maybe. Right, Karmen?"
 Ah. Classic Karm.
 Found your way back to rehab.
" ""Our""?"
 I am?
 Huh.
" He was actually very nice. You know, I want things to be easy on set. And I think Danny represents a fresh start."
" Hey, I'm not the one who--"
" There was nothing I could do about Herb. If it wasn't for me, they would've canceled the whole show. And then where would you go? Who's gonna hire a hair-and-makeup lady with shaky hands?"
 Be sure to put that on your résumé.
" Wow, BoJack leaving rehab. Truly the end of an era. Sobby Bobby. Gonna miss your excessive crying. Can't believe it. Last time I'm gonna stop at this vending machine. What do you say, B-7? One more hike down Funyun Canyon? Whew. Oh, wow. Hello, the public. Didn't think I'd have to address this so quickly, but I am not ashamed. Yes, I, BoJack Horseman, went to rehab-"
 Joey Pogo?
 Fancy room?
 What? 
 I got the fancy room.
 What does it all mean?
" Oh, my God. I think they're kicking me out to make room for Joey Pogo."
 Playtime's over.
" Shut up, Brad. The source of your addiction is wanting to impress your old babysitter who stole beer from your parents' fridge. She's dead. You're free."
" Oh, you would love that, wouldn't you? "
" Well, check this out. BoHo go bye... BoHo go bye-bye for..."
 You have to imagine that I just said it. It's only funny if it feels extemporaneous.
" Check this out. BoHo go bye-bye for JoJo Pogo? That's a no-go, bro. Worth it."
 What happened is you said I was special. You gave a whole spiel just trying to get rid of me to make room for a high-profile new client.
" I'm not jealous! And I've definitely seen it written out as ""spiel."""
" Not now, Joey Pogo."
 You wanna do rehab real quick?
" That's the problem. When you say it in here, it all sounds easy. But I know that out there, it's hard and confusing. And it's just- I-I don't..."
" Um, okay. Is Todd there?"
 Okay.
 Ugh!
" Hey, listen, I'm..."
 Nope.
" So, you hired an assistant?"
 You hired 12 assistants? To assist you?
" What is ""All About That Ace?"""
" Well, I guess that makes about as much sense as the rest of it. Listen, um, I might be getting outof rehab soon..."
" ...and I wanted to talk to you because I, uh...can't do this by myself."
 Ah!
" Okay, that's, uh, you know...I think I'm good. Thank you."
" Okay, well, that's kind of thoughtful."
" Stars really are just like us, huh?"
 Don't drink that!
" No, it's just... that's vodka."
" It's not for drinking. I just, I... I don't know why I keep it. As a reminder, I guess."
 Sarah Lynn? Sarah Lynn? Sarah Lynn!
 Are you almost done? I need Sharona to work that magic on my mane man.
 Why can't you do this in Sarah Lynn's dressing room?
 Why is that my problem?
" Danny? Yeah, he's okay. Right?"
" Herb. Danny. What difference does it make? We got a job to do, right?"
 And I'm just saying it's not my fault he got fired. I dunno why you're complaining to me.
 I actually think Danny represents an opportunity. For a new beginning.
" If Herb really cared about the show, maybe he shouldn't have..."
" No, that's not"
 I put my ass on the line for you people.
 Do you know how lucky we are to have this? Herb was gonna throw that all away. I made the tough choice. What did you do?
" Yeah, which is basically an adult in Hollywood years. I'm trying to make this situation work. Enjoy my dressing room."
" I don't feel shitty, I feel great!"
" Okay. You know why this is here, Casey? It's because I think I'm special and the rules don't apply to me. And I keep thinking that over and over again."
" No, shut up. That's the problem. I'm an asshole. All your bosses are assholes. And people like you indulge us. And you soothe our egos, and you let us abuse you."
" No, God damn it. That's not my point. Have some respect for yourself."
" Yeah, and that's how they get you. I'm sorry. It's not your fault. Can you run downstairs and grab me some Funyuns?"
" What do you mean, no?"
" Uh, what's happening?"
" I like your energy, but what?"
 I can't. Please don't make me. You don't know what I'm like out there.
" Hey, that's-"
" Don't belong here, huh? God, what am I doing? No! Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit. Nobody drink any water! Ooh."
 I don't...
" Brad Pitt, yes."
 Bradley Cooper.
" Doctor Champ, I am so sorry. That was vodka you drank, not water."
 Jesus.
" Shh! Shut up. If anyone hears you, there's gonna be..."
" Just settle down, okay?"
 You're gonna spend the night here and sober up.
 Shh! Doctor Champ!
 Settle? Manzanita? I'd say that's about as likely as my daughter Sabrina skipping school and sneaking into the office with me in my work luggage!
 Uh...
 Is she okay?
 Of course.
" Oh, my God."
 What are you...
" Oh, I don't..."
 Y-Yeah.
 Yeah. I have no idea.
" Well, don't look at me."
 What?
 It's gonna be okay.
 Shush!
" It's okay, I'm here."
" Doctor Champ, I am so sorry.I-"
 You were in here all night.
 Of course.
 Agreed.
" Okay, okay, easy."
 Stop swinging. Just slide down.
 Yes. Plus or minus the yelling.
 Don't-
 Ew.
" Goodbye, fancy room. Goodbye, chair. Goodbye, Stinky Susan."
" Um...Home, I-- I guess. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey! Stop the car. Let me out here."
" Thank you, your commentary is very helpful."
" Doctor Champ, what are you doing?"
" Okay, Doctor Champ, clearly, you-"
" So, you're telling me the guiding philosophy of the six months of rehab I just paid for is complete bullshit?"
" Another club soda, please."
" Doctor Champ, what is your plan?"
" Look, I can't let you go back there drunk."
" No. I never know what you mean. In fact, maybe I wouldn't be so scared if you'd given me real therapy over the last six months instead of just playing me with folksy aphorisms."
" Oh, and why's that?"
" Yeah, I would dismiss immediately and then use as an excuse to resent you even more, what's your point?"
" Oh, really? Well, if that were true, I would have almost no other horses in my life."
" But then how do you explain the one horse I do care about, my half-sister Hollyhock, who is also a reminder of my father? If your theory were true, wouldn't I keep her at arms' length, desperate for her to love me but unwilling to be vulnerable enough to allow her to hurt me?"
" Okay, you got me! My parents gave me an internalized self-hatred of horses. So, my horse body is a prison that I can never escape. This manifests in rotten behavior because I subconsciously believe I deserve to be punished, but being famous, I'm never punished, so I act out even more. And since this pattern is so woven into my identity, it is unfathomable to me that it can ever be curbed, so instead, I drink!"
" So, the only way I can progress is to return to my life as a sober man and finally hold myself accountable for my actions, past and future. Oh, my God, is this what therapy is?"
 Uh... Doctor Champ?
" You're at Partridges, the rehab clinic founded by Danny Bonaduce."
 I told them I was checking you in here.
 You can't help anybody else unless you're honest with yourself. A wise man told me that.
 You did.I was being poetic and you ruined it.
 Yeah. But the first step is admitting it. 
 Uh... What happened to your daughter?
" Well, yes, technically, that's true."
" Well, best of luck."
 I remember everything. I'm sober now.
" I'm not kidding. The pills. Now! I told you, I'm on a system now. I'm not doing drugs. I'm not like you. I don't fetishize my own sadness. No, my hands are so slippery. Damn it, Todd. Clean up your shit. You know I had sex with Emily. Turns out there's a brand of heroin called BoJack. Please don't make me go back to LA. You can count on me, Herb."
" Yes, you are the last person to get that. I'm not gonna change. Goddamn... Sharona?"
 Sarah Lynn got into vodka.
 Danny knows she got it from you.
" Mine, yours. What difference does it make who brought this particular vodka? If I take the fall for this, this whole show is over. And that means everything I did was for nothing."
" To Herb, I mean. What I did to save the show, do you understand? All that's pointless if it goes away now."
 I have friends on Coach who owe me a favor. It could be a fresh start for you.
 It's an easy job. Craig T. Nelson's balder by the day.
" Nobody is asking you, Sharona."
" Um, yeah. Um... I'm BoJack and, uh... God, this feels so dumb. And I'm an alcoholic."
" Hey! Oh, uh..."
 Mm.
 Thank you for meeting me here. I can't be at my house. Just reminds me of what an asshole I've been.
 Uh... what are you doing?
" Yeah, you gotta stay current."
" You've really taken to this nanny thing, huh?"
 I can't imagine.
" Um... Yeah, moms are weird."
" There was a stewardess in the meeting. She was talking about how every day, she wakes up in a different place. I thought, ""That sounds perfect."" Every city a clean slate?"
" A cinnabunny and a coffee, please."
" Uh, what?"
 Okay.
" Surprise! Uh, is this a bad time or...?"
" I didn't know. I was in LA and I didn't want to be, so..."
 You doing okay?
 Who's Sloane Crosley?
" Yeah, who is Sloane Crosley?"
 But the headline is you're doing great?
 Can I crash at your apartment?
 Yeah?
 Are you going to?
 Of antidepressants? I believe the point is to be antidepressed.
" Sure, but you flip over this pizza box, uh, and look, a couch!"
 The real you being...?
" You know, someone got really mad at me recently..."
" I know, shocking. And he said, ""BoJack, you ruin everything. That's what you are."""
" And it actually took him saying it out loud for me to realize how stupid that is, even though I believed it for so long. I bought into this idea that I was a thing that couldn't be changed. So, the reason I came to Chicago is... I wanted to thank you for believing in me when I didn't, and for encouraging me to accept the help I needed."
 Hmm. Mm?
" Oh, yeah, sorry."
" Hey. Hi, Tawnie. Why are you in the backseat?"
 How can it be minute and massive?
 Wesleyan.
" Great. A music show? I love music. Oh, God, is this what music sounds like when you're sober? Do I hate music?"
 I thought you were in a fight.
 What? Why?
 And he quit? Wow.
 I'll bet a lot of actors would love to teach at a place like this. They're not looking for a replacement? 
" Ah, I see. A teachable moment. Hollyhock, people will disappoint you."
" Yes, some wounds will never be healed."
" No, words are meaningless."
 That's it?
 Uh...
 I don't know. Where is not winter?
" No, I can't go back there. Not yet."
 Sure.
" Hey. I'm out of rehab and I realized I never got you a baby shower gift, so... here."
" If I'm gonna live in that house again, I wanna get rid of the things that remind me of my old life."
" Narcissus? I thought the painting was about me. But enough about your baby, I also have a favor to ask."
" There's this drama professor job at Wesleyan. They need a reference to tell themthat I know what I'm talking about, that I'm dependable and passionate. So, I thought that you could do what you've been doing for 20 years and lie about me."
" Oh, shit, it walks already?"
" It's okay, she sucks at it now, but she'll get better at it."
 So don't go back.
 Okay.
 Aren't you the boss? Why are you doing the stupid bullshit?
" Hey, my only responsibility right now is to not drink and I'm barely getting by. You are producing a show, running a company, catering to your clients, raising a child, a Todd. You need your own Princess Carolyn to take care of you."
" Oh, no! That thing was priceless."
" I've been back in LA two months. When am I gonna hear about this job? I have other offers, you know. UCLA, USC, UTI."
" Raven! She's circling around, portending my doom? Is she gonna swoop in and peck out my chances? That is so... like her."
" I still can't get comfortable in my house. It's huge and perfect, but it feels like the worst place on earth. No offense, Benny, living in your storage locker sounds pretty rough. "
" God, you're killing me, Benny. My house reminds me of the horse I was before. I don't wanna be him again. But it's the same house, the same city, just nothing's changed,so how am I supposed to?"
" Sharona, I-"
 I'd like to try to-
" So it all worked out, okay? Please, just let me say it. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."
 Right. Everyone.
 Okay. I dye my hair. Nobody makes fun of Dennis Rodman.
 I look old. Hello?
" I'll be on the next plane. Welcome to Wesleyan, Professor."
" I figured. I don't wanna presume anything, but there's an app you might be interested in."
 Ugh!
 Huh. Hmm. What?
 What are you doing in DC?
 You're the National Face of Depression?
 This face?
 You're depressed?
" Huh, that is pretty cool."
" That makes sense. Well, looks like you finally got your crossover episode."
 Yeah.
" Excuse me, are you Zachary's father? I think our adopted teens go to school together!"
" They sure have been spending a lot of time together, huh, our teens?"
" Oh. Oh, God. Oh. He's the National Face of Depression."
 Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
 Nay.
" Uh, peace be with you."
" What is acting? Anyone? Anyone? Acting is about leaving everything behind,and... And becoming something completely new. What is acting? Anyone? Acting is aboutleaving everything behind, and...becoming something completely new. Becoming something completely new. "
 Hey-o!
 What is acting? Anyone? Anyone? Acting is about leaving everything behind and becoming something completely new. Nailed it. And that's a Sharpie.
" Good morning, my name is Professor Horseman, which will remain on that whiteboard forever, and this is Intermediate Scene Study. What is acting? Anyone?"
 Oh! Okay. You.
" Oh, okay, yes, but also... Yes?"
" Uh, okay, wow. So, that's acting. But what is--?"
 I was about to say that.
" Well, quite astute."
" Um...Acting is the, um...Acting is... Uh... I don't know what acting is. I don't know what I'm doing. I shouldn't be here."
" No, I don't want to quit. I'm acting! That's acting."
 Class dismissed.
" Yes. Again, I was acting."
" Instead of judging my acting, how about you act and I judge you?"
" Uh, sure."
 Whenever you're ready.
" Okay, okay. Stop, stop."
 Does this play take place in England?
 So why are you talking with an English accent?
" Just as an exercise, maybe use your normal voice. And Tawnie, when you're telling your mother you're gonna kill yourself, the next line is, ""Where are the extra towels,"" right? And the character's being very casual, so maybe she should also be casual when she says she's gonna kill herself. Like it's a big deal, but it's not a big deal for her. Like that's the irony of the scene."
" Yeah. Yeah, it is. Okay, let's see it again."
" Stop. You're both talking to the audience. I want you to talk to each other, you're having a conversation."
" Okay, here's my question for you. Does your character know he's horny for leads, or is he discovering it? Who's next? Great. What's the scene?"
" Oh, shit. Sorry. See you Wednesday. Great work today. Way to go, team. We did it. That was great, huh? How good was I?"
" Whitfield, we've been here six weeks. How do you think this is going?"
" Wow, okay. Well, I admire the confidence. I know you're an acting major. And I guess I just- I wanted to make sure that you're taking other classes. Like, Economics, or maybe a plumbing course. Or rental car cashier class? I don't know. What would you want to do if the acting thing doesn't work out?"
" Whoa, whoa, whoa! You said ""Not a good actor."" But now that you've said it..."
 What about Jason Segel? He was a bad actor in Bad Teacher.
 Okay.
" Jesus, I had no idea, I-"
 Huh? What the-?
" Okay. I see what's happening. Sorry, everybody. This is one of my acting students. He's trying to, um-"
" Nobody said ""Whitfield."""
 Did you follow me here?
" No, don't-"
 He hasn't been there. That's the plot of the movie Flight.
" So sorry, everyone."
 This is very disrespectful. 
 We work hard to create a safe space here.
 So sorry about that. I recognize that.
" I value this room, just know that."
 Really sorry about all of this. So sorry.
 Fine. Shut up. You're a drunk.
 Uh... 
" Foul! That fowl fouled, ref! Where's the whistle?"
" There are women tossing women everywhere! What is this, the Running of the Brides at Filene's Basement? Who's with me? Okay."
 What? Really?
 That's a shame. You definitely paid too much for that coat.
" Oh, is it over? Did we win? Hey, you're really good. I think."
" No, I liked it. Look at us. Doing college."
 You wanna get something to eat?
 Sounds fun. Can I join you?
 That's okay.
 What's that have to do with anything?
 Wouldn't wanna be you! But I would. You're cool.
 Hmm.
" Yes, good. Keep doing what they're doing. Tawnie, you're Hollyhock's best friend..."
 Again?
" Well, do you understand this rugby thing?"
 Whoa! I guess... get on board.
" Get it out, get it- Yes, nice. Nice run! Very nice! Touchdown! That's my sister!"
 Try? She did it. She scored.
 Hey! Hey!
" Yes, Cardinals! All right! "
" The two teams applaud each other, and then the referees. As is customary. See footnote."
" What's up, rugger? Two tries, two conversions, and a drop goal? Jonah Lomu over here."
" Oh, Hock. I like it. Can I get a nickname too, Regina?"
" Yeah, go. Go. See you.See you on the scrumming pitch."
 W-E-S-leyan! We will rock and maul and win! Wait. Where's Hollyhock?
 Hey. What the hell? You quit rugby?
 You were good.
" Yeah, but rugby's our thing. Okay, then I guess we'll just-We'll find a new thing."
 Are you okay?
 Yeah. 
 Great. I'll see you then.
 Not if I see you first-!
 Hello?
" Hey, Gaz."
 You just noticed that?
" No. Actually, I'm a college professor now."
 Gaz...
" Elefante? I'd love to dump that money pit, but what idiot would buy it?"
" Stop. Terry, this character is 28. Is that what you think a 28-year-old sounds like?"
 You do the same old-man voice for every character.
" In ""the show business,"" when they have old man characters, they cast real old men."
 Please don't.
 We still have 20 minutes of class left.
" Oh, no."
 Please leave. Now.
 Nobody said Terry.
" Everyone, this is another one of my students. I'm very sorry, I have no idea why they think this is gonna impress me."
 Terry...
 Wow.
 You don't have a son.
" Oh, my God."
 Ugh.
" Today, we have a very special guest. This is my friend, Princess Carolyn, who was nice enough to come here to talk about the business of acting. So, please do not embarrass me. Oh, no."
" Oh, that's Stan. That kid's got it. The look, the sauce, the power to make me feel like a 13-year-old girl, and to make a 13-year-old girlfeel like a woman."
 You haven't even seen him act.
" He's the best actor I got. I had my doubts when he did the scene from Proof, but when he did the scene from Doubt, I thought, ""There's the proof."""
 No. Stan needs to finish school. He's a sophomore.
" No, he's not ready."
" Stan, LA's not going anywhere. But you need an education, something to keep you grounded."
" Stan? Stan. Stan, Stan. One day, you're gonna look back and realize these days on campus, they were the last days you were truly free."
" My whole career, all I wanted was to get to a place like this, and I didn't even know it. Out there, there's nothing to protect you."
" We're safe here, Stan. Please, don't make the mistake I did."
 Damn it.
" Amy, yeah. Um, have a seat. So we're nearing the end of the semester here, and I'm putting together the cast sheet for the student showcase."
" This showcase is a big deal. This might sound crazy coming from famous television star, BoJack Horseman, but in some ways, this showcase means even more to me than the very popular TV shows that, again, I was the star of."
" Does it? 'Cause you've been missing a lot of classes. And forgetting your lines. You seem tired all the time, and..."
 Okay.
" No. Nope, no, no, no. Get out of here. This has to stop."
" This is a place for people who are serious about making a change, not for desperate acting students pretending to have problems, Amy."
 Oof! Oh! Oops! That was...Oops.
 Where the hell is she?
" Lights. Hello. Thank you. Oh, wow, thank you. That's very nice, thank you. Welcome to ""An Evening of Modern American Scenes."" The students are very excited to perform for you tonight. They've come such a long way over the course of the semester. Like, a really- a really long way. They were very bad before. But now... Well, I mean, you'll see for yourself, uh... But, um, I'm proud of them. Anyway, first up is a scene from Sam German-Shepherd's ""Real America."""
 Ugh!
 God damn it. 
 Forget Tawnie. I'm pissed! And it's happening right now.
" If you're implying acting is a bullshit major, you're right. But people came all the way from California to see my showcase. From Chicago. You can't even walk across campus?"
 You've been avoiding me all semester.
 I thought I'd see you more.
" Okay, I'm sorry. I guess I thought my sister..."
 It does mean something.
 What?
" I don't want that life. That life, that person? That's not who I am, I... I'm sorry I came here without asking you first. That was selfish."
" If this is too weird for you, I don't have to come back next semester. I can get a job somewhere else."
 She did? Huh. I thought you were in a fight. 
 Are we in a fight? 
 Yeah. I should get back to the show.
 Yeah?
 Yeah. I know.
" No, no, no."
" No, no, no. Come on. Thank you. Thank you so much."
 Uh... Hello?
 What?
 What- What reporters?
" Charlotte, I swear, I don't know what you're talking about."
" Hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Put me in your book. Remember I gave you that salad bowl?"
 Diane. Answer your phone. I'm calling you right now.
" Hey, Diane. If I had my shitty students do a night of scenes here at the end of the semester, would you come see it? It's gonna suck, so I wanna pack the house with friendly faces."
 How's that book coming?
 Why are you writing at the mall?
 What?
" Diane, don't workshop your material in casual conversation. Howie Mandel used to do it, too. Like, really, Howie? You just happened to have a rubber glove in your pocket?"
 You gonna put any stories about me in there? 
 But no one else is as good at it!
 I think you're afraid of the truth.
 Your damage isn't interesting and you're unworthy of love.
" You think you're a beautiful salad bowl? Conceited much? More like garden-variety, am I right?"
" Hello. Thank you. Oh, wow. Thank you. That's very nice. Thank you. Welcome to ""An Evening of Modern American Scenes."""
"  Anyway, first up is a scene from Sam German-Shepard's ""Real America."""
 Thank you. Thank you so much.
 What reporters?
" Charlotte, I swear,I don't know what you're talking about."
 What? Huh?
 They found out. I didn't- It's not true.
 I need to- Air.
 No. They can't know. I didn't even do anything. It's-
" Okay, I'll tell you. But you can't talk to anyone. No reporters."
 And then I took the boat back to LA.
" And yet this thing continues to haunt me, I- "
" Okay, okay, you're right. I've been sketchy. But there's no story here. Right?"
" Uh, what?"
 I haven't done anything. Since I got out of rehab I have been on my best behavior.
 No. They can't get me on old shit. I'm a different person now.
 They're gonna combo me?
 This is gonna be a long night.
" I swear, this is all I can think of!"
" Jesus Christ. What's the point of working on myself and getting sober and getting better if no matter what, there are people out there just waiting to tear me down?"
" No, it's not fair. If you start listing every single thing everyone's done, then everyone's a monster."
" Who are these reporters, anyway? They're so perfect? I'll bet there's dirt on them we could dig up!"
 That'll teach those bloodthirsty leeches what happens when they try to tear someone down over their past without even considering the possibility that he's changed!
" Yes, obviously."
 It was a showcase of separate scenes! There was no plot!
" Look, we're not gonna figure this out tonight. Maybe I should just go to the cast party and try to enjoy-"
 Yeah?
 Diane...
 I... Uh... Yes.
" No, I- "
" I didn't leave her, I was with her! I was with her the whole time! I was with her when she died!"
 In the planetarium. I left and came back and pretended I'd found her that way. I... I've never told anyone that.
 I don't know how they could. I covered my tracks.
" Oh. Hey. Uh, what's up?"
" Oh, um...Just, uh, give me a minute. This was supposed to be a celebration."
 I'm tired of trying to figure things out. Let me just have this one night.
" Okay, okay, settle down, settle down. Okay. You wanted me to read these, right? Okay. Um, well, for Best Old Man... Terry."
" Okay. Sit down, Terry. Just sit down. Sit down. If you start talking, then we'll all be old! For Best Director...Oh, Horse Professor. That's me."
" No, I- Okay, okay, okay! Okay. Thank you. I just want to say that I've loved being here with you this year. You've shown me the type of person I didn't know I wanted to be. And this semester, I got to be that person. Thank you. And I just... I want you all to appreciate this time, and how special it is, and how fast it'll all go away. Please, cherish this. And I have my own superlative to announce. I, um... Oh. Uh, hmm... For the Best Actor or Actress... Oh, my God, it's an eight-way tie! Okay, everyone. Enjoy your party."
" So, what happens? When the story comes out, what do I do? A statement about how sorry you are about certain parts of the story but other parts of the story just aren't true."
 Does that work?
" Well, I'm not gonna lose my job here, right? The Sarah Lynn stuff, that has nothing to do with this."
" Diane, I'm asking you for help. This job is my lifeline."
 Yeah.
 Y-yes.
" Uh, yeah."
 No.
 No.
 Um... No.
 No.
 I didn't think it would happen so fast. Did she say next Thursday?
" Diane, please."
 Yeah.
" ""My relationship with Sarah Lynn was complicated, as relationships between addicts often are. However, certain aspects of the story are inaccurate or exaggerated. This story has started an important conversation and I look forward to continuing to work on my own progress..."""
 There's-  There's no way to not sound like bullshit.
" This place was supposed to be a fresh start for me. Rehab was supposed to be a fresh start. But no matter how many starts I get, there's always the same ending. Everything falls apart and I end up alone."
 Why?
 You still do.
 Is it possible you letting me go is the happy ending?
" Yeah, sunk cost. "
" I don't think that we can get around this, or over this, or try to get under it. Diane is right. We need to go through it."
 I need to take responsibility. I want to. So you can tell your daughter you helped me do the right thing.
 I'm looking forward to it.
" I mean, no."
 Uh...
 Do you need to be here right now?
 Thank you.
 Why would I-
 Yeah.
" I'm aware, thank you."
" Yeah, the power of the prose was not the first thing I noticed."
 You can probably take this part of the conversation elsewhere.
 Yeah. Where are we doing this?
 Why?
 Makes sense.
 Honestly? I felt relieved that now I can stop lying.
 They are. Sarah Lynn was nine months sober. I invited her on a bender. We spiraled together for a little over a month and then she overdosed.
" Well, I didn't purchase it for her-"
 I-I didn't purchase it at all. I just had it.
" No, no, no, no, not lying around. You're making it sound like I had extra heroin, because I do so much heroin. I had that heroin because I wasn't doing heroin. So, I had it. You understand?"
 Yes.
 I don't believe in rock bottoms. I've had a lot of what I thought were rock bottoms only to discover another rockier bottom underneath.
" Eventually, I decided to stop waiting for something to change me. I had to make the change myself. And that's why I went to rehab. And I'm very proud to be one year sober next month."
" Uh, it was part of it, yes. Uh, I've made a lot of mistakes."
" I... I don't think that it would be fair to the people who were affected by those mistakes, all of whom I've apologized to in private."
" I do. It's been a lot of work, but I look back at that other BoJack and I think, ""Who is that?"""
" I came from a broken home, and I used to feel like my whole life was an acting job. Just doing an impression of the people I saw on television, which was just the projection of a bunch of equally screwed-up writers and actors. I felt like a Xerox of a Xerox of a person, you know what I mean?"
 No. Now I feel like me.
" I think that's why her death was so scary for me, why I didn't wanna confront it, because she reminded me of myself."
" Sad. Angry. Honestly, it feels like that's what killed her."
" No, you're right. It was mostly the heroin."
 I would say... I wish you could know... how sorry I am.
 Am I crazy or did I nail that?
" Oh, man, when she brought up Sarah Lynn's mother? She was setting me up to throw her under the bus, but then I said I'm sorry? I mean, that was a sweet move, yeah? I felt like I could see The Matrix!"
" It was good, right? People are gonna like it?"
 Huh.
 Wow. I had no idea.
" Uh, small latte?"
 What?
" Huh. No ""Birthday Dad."""
" So, I nailed it."
 Part two?
 Makes sense.
" We're starting a dialogue. I'm helping people. Move over, Sad Dog. Make room for Remorse Horse!"
" Listen, I'm ready to move on and go back to Connecticut, but it does feel good to be part of the conversation again. And if my openness and candor about addiction is helping people, then I'm kind of a dick if I don't do another interview, right?"
 Are you kidding? You couldn't keep me away! Because this is my house.
" Oh, here we go. Speaking of addicts, I think you're addicted to Sarah Lynn!"
" Yes, I lied."
" Oh! Well, I wasn't thinking clearly. Guess I'm not a criminal mastermind!"
 Oh?
" I, um... I called myself. After I realized what had had happened, I took her phone and I called myself so I could make it look like she called me."
 I went into panic mode.
 I thought we were gonna talk about other stuff.
 I went outside to the parking lot.
 Why are you asking about this?
" Well, I--"
 Princess Carolyn?
" Yes, and look! She's alive."
" Well, she's always been good at keeping her personal and professional lives separate."
" You said it. She was an agent's assistant when I met her and now she's running her own company. Plus, she's a great mom."
 Who?
 How do you know all this?
 Marcy. Yes. She was the president of my fan club.
" We had a lovely evening together. We both got something out of it, and--"
 That was a family friend.
 I didn't take her. We went together.
 What does all this have to with-
 It's not a pattern.
 I don't even know what that means.
"All these women that you mentioned, I never forced myself-"
" So, I can't be with any woman I might have power over? Who does that leave me with?"
" You think everything is this nefarious scheme. Most of the bad shit that happens in this world isn't because of wicked plots and machinations. It's just because we're all a bunch of stupid, hungry, horny little goons just grabbing at shit, hoping it'll press that little button in our brain that says, ""Okay, you're happy now."" That's not an ""abuse of power."""
 I... I am an addict. One of the first things that I had to accept was my own powerlessness.
" I understand what I did was wrong. I'm not denying that. But you're trying to paint this picture. You're making it out like I'm a bad guy, and I'm not. I'm not that guy you're saying I am."
 No. Why?
" I already told you, yes. How many times can I say it? Breaking news! The thing I told you yesterday is still true."
 What?
 How... how do you know about that?
 Who told you all this stuff? Did Sharona tell you that?
" Oh. Because Sharona was a drunk, too, so you can't trust a thing she says. Obviously, she has a vendetta against me. Besides, I already apologized to her."
" Okay, when you put it all together, it looks bad."
" There's no connection between anyone, that's what I keep saying! Sarah Lynn wasn't like those other girls. I loved Sarah Lynn.She was like a daughter to me."
 No.
" I didn't groom anyone, okay? It's not like I got Sarah Lynn drunk for the purpose of taking advantage of her. She was ten! I didn't even have sex with her until she was 30!"
 No. I just mean that--
" That was later. She was an adult. And we were both so drunk and high, I didn't- We didn't know what we were doing. We were addicts, and the thing about addicts-"
" Yeah. No! A different bender. I took her to rehab, by the way! I tried to get her help."
" Right, but at the time, I didn't..."
" No! I... Look, obviously when I did all that stuff, I wasn't--"
" Come on, there was a lot of stuffin between--"
 The gross part is she doesn't even care. This is just a ratings win she can use as leverage for her next big paycheck.
" She was all over the place. I think people are gonna see that she was just out to get me. People are gonna see that, right?'"
" Okay, maybe she had some good points, but she completely undermined herself with, like... I mean, we dated for like seven years. Do you think that I took advantage of you?"
 And she kept bringing it back to women--
" These ""women I hurt"" because that's what's hip now, right? Hurting women? But I have also hurt a lot of men!"
" But it's gonna be okay, right? You wanna grab some tacos? What do you think?"
" Is this anything? ""My girlfriend was upset I gave her a CD for Christmas. But she gave me VD for Hanukkah!"""
 Ugh! I am so ready to never do stand-up again. Are you gonna put me on your TV show or what?
 Screen test?
" No, it's cool! A screen test! Ha! You wanna hit Alma's after the show? Best tacos in LA."
" Ugh! Malibu is for pretentious, rich douchebags."
 Finish what?
" Oh, my God."
 What?
" Yeah, that's a hell of an opener."
" Well, shit. You're welcome."
" Oh, man. I...I haven't done stand-up in years. "
" I don't think so. Thanks, though. Oh."
" You know what they don't tell you about getting sober? The hardest part, worse than the DTs or the looking back at everything you did or the constant fear of relapse, the hardest part is figuring out what the hell to drink when you order a meal at a nice restaurant. You expect me to order the bucatini carbonara at Gusto and then drink, what, an Arnold Palmer? I'm not even a red wine guy, but come on! ""Here's your steak, sir. Would you like an ice-cold Dr. Pepperto go with that?"" I mean..."
 I don't even know what pattern you're talking about.
 Yeah. It's me.
" Hey, Hollyhock. Um, you still haven't returned my last call, which is fine. I just... I know you're going back to school soon, and you should know I won't be there. Because of... everything you've probably heard about. So, if you were worried you'd have to see me, you won't. But I would love to talk. It's BoJack."
 Give me a large number three.
 Yeah. Guys.
 Hey!
 Okay.
" No, it-"
 It was Most Hated Men!
" It was the Hundred Most Hated Men, it was a newsboy cap, and I can hear everything you've been saying!"
 Okay. Rude.
" Um, okay, I'll speak."
 Things have been pretty brutal for me lately. Most people hate me...
" ...I just lost five million dollars, so that's not great. Could probably use a Leo of my own right about now. Wow, tough room. This AA meeting is a tough room."
 Oh! Um...
 Uh...
 I'm sure-
 That's not-
" Hey, that is an unfair drive-by!"
 Ugh! Yes?
 Okay.
 What's the bad news?
 What?
" Just so I'm clear, Sarah Lynn's death cost me five million dollars, but saying something bad about a brand is gonna cost me a hundred million?"
" Okay, so what's the move?"
" Okay, I'm gonna call you back."
 You sold my house?
 You sold my house?
" So, where do I go?"
 Yeah?
 But... Huh?
 I need a job.
 Can you check? Ask around?
 But I'm broke and homeless.
 Great. Have my pages delivered to me at the Chateau Marmoset.
 And homeless.
 Who else would have me?
 Less talky. More coffee.
" Coffee maker, make!-[beeps]"
 It's from Hollyhock. But...  I can't open it. What if she says she never wants to hear from me again?
" I should just call her. If I could talk to her, I feel like I could explain that-"
" Hey, Hollyhock. It's me again."
" I got your letter and I haven't read it yet, but I'm going to and... It's really great to hear your voice...your voicemail voice. Just give me a call. It's BoJack."
 What about this breakfast?
 Yeah.
 I can't really breathe.
 Great. You wanna get dinner?
" Oh. Of course, yeah. I'll see you back at the house then?"
 Todd's having a fancy party?
 Ugh.
" I'm not ready. As long as I don't read it, she's still in my life."
" Okay, do I have a horn? Because everybody keeps looking at me like I'm some kind of freak."
" Yeah, or because I snorted up all the magic fairy glitter. ""This summer; Dumbass Unicorn."""
" Yeah, and his horn is like a corkscrew, and he tries to open a bottle of wine, but it gets stuck, so now he's got this wine bottleon his head, just dripping wine down his face, like... "
" Okay, but it wouldn't be ""Nasty Unicorn."" It would be ""Horny Unicorn""!"
" What do you mean ""do it""?"
 Yeah. I'm not really the guy people wanna see in movies right now.
" ""The Horny Unicorn""?"
 Yeah?
 I don't know.
 We're here for the party?
 We're here for the party.
 You don't have to-
" What do you think is going to ""happen""?"
 I'm sober. Nothing is going to happen.
 Ugh!
" Yes, I have made mistakes. So, now what?I'm just supposed to go away forever?"
 Yeah?
 I don't know-
 Yeah. Maybe.
 It would be good to have something to keep me busy.
 What is it?
 EWE.S.C.? I'm trying to keepa low profile. I don't think a college campus-
 Why do you need me to go with you?
" Okay. I'm in. Or as the horny unicorn would say,""Am I in?"""
" Shh, shh. Hey, hey, hey, keep it down maybe?"
 What?
 That's why we're here?
" Hey, man, let's just go. Okay? People are starting to-"
 No.
 NoJack.
" Oh, yeah?"
 Thank you.
" Well, no, I'm not pushing back."
 Okay.
 They'd be stoked?
" All right, let's get out of here."
 Let's make one more stop.
" And then I passed out in the pool. Sploosh! Luckily, Lindsay Lohan was there to perform CPR. She still credits me for being the reason she got sober... that time."
 Olden days? Jesus.
" Are you serious? You're supposed to be my sponsor. So, what, I gotta hang out with you all the time? Relax, okay? I'll call you tomorrow, we'll set up ""Horny Unicorn."" Enjoy your people."
" Okay. Hey, man. Hey! No pictures! Delete that."
" Hey, no. You come on. I'm not here to be your cool story later."
 I shouldn't be here.
 What? Huh.
 Thank you.
" Yes, I'm aware."
" I know the scene, thank you. Ah. Hello?"
 Huh?
 I remember.
 Me too. Nostalgic for the day before I did the interview.
 What?
 Uh...
 Ugh.
 Wha-
 Mm.
 I'll see what I can do about that.
 I'm sorry to hear that.
 Uh... Yeah?
 Oh. Is that why you wanted to see me tonight?
 Whoa.
 That's incredible.
" Oh, right. Sure."
" Well, nothing we can do about it now, right?"
 Huh.
" So, it'll just be ""Around""?"
" Well, sounds like you got it all figured out. What do you need me for?"
 I need that money now more than ever.
  Oof.
 Have you seen the episodes without me in them?
 And they're good?
" I'm fine with my water, thanks."
 One.
 ? Now boys and girlsIf you wanna do the BoJack ? Take your hands Put them up on your lower back ? ? Take your circle and strut and strut Wiggle your hips and jiggle your... ? Uh-oh!
 ? ...troubles and pull up your pants That's how you do the BoJack dance! ?
" Yeah, but no one wants to do the BoJack now. "
 When were you scared that I'd leave the show?
 Let you?
" Bluff? All this time, I thought there was nothing I could have done..."
 I'm not taking your stupid deal.
 No. No! Why should I give you what you want? You took everything from me.
" Every stupid decision I made, every bad thing that has ever happened, it all started because of you."
 I can't... I...
" Oh, God."
 I'm going home.
 I'm taking your car.
" You're not using it. Someone should get some pleasure out of something in this sad, stupid world. Consider it a signing bonus."
  And I'm taking these.
" Come on. Open. Open! Open up! God. Where's my stupid...Why is everything so difficult? Have it your way, door. Todd! How come we never go swimming? This is terrible. Well, hello. Who put pills in my house?"
 Mm. What are you so happy about? BoJack Horseman. Six-foot-five.
 A mustard sandwich? We may be orphans but leave us our dignity.
" Oh, right. Uh... Orphans, huh? What am I supposed to feed you?"
 Oh.
 Okay.
" No, Mickey, you got it all wrong!"
 I can't do it anymore! It was the marmoset!
 What am I supposed to feed you? I have mustard.
" Well, I can't fix you a martini. Hey, wait! I have olives!  Nope. Not olives."
" Yeah? You, you think we got it?"
"  ? Ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-ka, ah ? ? Ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-ka, ch-kaBoJack ? ? Whoa, whoa, yeah! ? ? Hey ? ? Now, boys and girlsIf you wanna do the BoJack ? ? Take your handsAnd put them on your lower back ? ? Walk in a circle and strut and strut ? ? Wiggle your hipsAnd jiggle your... uh-oh! ? ? Push away your troubles And pull up your pants ? ? And that's how you do The BoJack dance! ?? Hey ?"
 I think it's a hydrangea.
 Probably not. She doesn't like anything.
" Thanks for having me, Mom."
 For you.
 Is that Zach Braff?
" Zach Braff. Actor, independent filmmaker, real-life friend of Donald Faison?"
 Ugh. Comedy poison. Who wants to laugh on a Monday?
" Yeah, I kept having this dream where I was having dinner with all the people who were gone and I thought, ""I should do that!"" So, here I am."
 Hello. Crackerjack?
 The uncle I never met and yet could never live up to! 
 Huh?
" Hey, Corduroy. Good to..."
 Yep.
 What are you...? Stop that.
 And that!
 Really?
" Thank you, Zach Braff."
 Hey. What is that?
 Mm.-Okay. My turn.
" No, Mom. You know I never make it to the show."
 Ooh.
 What?
" But see, this is where I get hung up, because when we valorize the idea of sacrifice, of loss, of suffering-"
" When we grow up in a house that does that, we internalize this idea that being happy is a selfish act, but sacrifice doesn't mean anything."
" Sacrifice? In the service of something greater, maybe, but just in and of itself? What's the good in that?"
" Ow! Seriously, is no one noticing this leak?"
 The drips are hitting me!
" Yeah, why are we announcing our questions?"
 Announcing King and Queen Query of the Interrogative Isle.
" Very well, thanks."
 Discovering you in your trailer definitely cracks my top five.
" No one is accusing youof being a bad person, Sarah Lynn."
" Wait, Dad's here? He's never made it to dinner before."
 Dad!
" Shit, Herb. Really?"
" Wait, you didn't kill yourself because the Knickswere having a good season? What would you have done if they were having a bad season?"
 It must've been from swimming earlier.
" Yeah. I, um... When was I swimming?"
" This past year I took a teaching job. And I had this one student who was really struggling, just couldn't get over this hump."
" I don't know, I was just spitballing. I didn't know you were gonna put me on the spot like this!"
 It felt good to help someone do something.
" I liked it because it reminded me of when I was young, just starting out. You and me, screwing around, hitting up open mics. Trying to figure it out. I think... I think that was the best part."
" Okay, nice seeing you all!"
" This is always the part where I wake up. You all go to the show. Zach Braff says ""Pardon my reach"" even though he can clearly get my plate from another angle. Then I wake up."
 Hmm.
" Sarah Lynn, I'm so sorry for everything that happened with you. With us. I should have protected you..."
 Yes. Of course. Sorry.
 Sarah Lynn? Sarah Lynn!
 Where did Sarah Lynn go?
 Where does this door go?
" No, I need you to tell me- What?"
" Yes. Yeah, let's get out of here."
" So, what's on the other side of that door?"
 Yeah. Herb.
 I don't know. I... I believe him.
 Of what?
 I wouldn't mind that.
 You were the fastest runner in the world.You inspired millions.
" So, if you could go back, do it again, what would you do different?"
 Cared about what? Racing?
" No. You never cared.You cared about your book. You cared about getting drunk and telling everyone how miserable you were, but that's not caring."
 It's a shame that we could never talk like this in real life.
" Least we got the chance this time, before I wake up."
 Getting what?
 Stop the show!
 What's happening?
 No!
 I need to wake up. I can't be here.
 Herb! How did I get here?
" I broke into my house. But it wasn't my house anymore. I was... I was watching the ""Horsin' Around"" Blu-ray. Yes. Yeah, and I drank some more and I found some pills. And then I went swimming... No! No! No! No, wait, wait, wait! I got out of the pool. Yes! And I called Diane!"
" But I called Diane. I couldn't have drowned if I got out of the pool to call Diane! So, I shouldn't be here. If I could just finish the conversation. Where's a phone?!"
 No! Stop!
 I need to get out of here! Wha-
 But I...
 Can I ask you a question? Has anyone ever come back from this place?
 No.
 No. Please.
 Is it terrifying?
 See you on the other side.
" Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I... I need to make a phone call. Hello? Someone? Anyone? I'm looking for a phone. Diane! Diane! Are you there? Diane! I need you!"
" Diane! Thank God! Thank God, Diane. Okay, Diane. Diane, you're gonna save me, right? I called you and you're coming to get me?"
 You didn't pick up.
 It went to voicemail.
 And then... I went back in the pool.
 No.
" So, what do I do now?"
" Well, if it doesn't matter, can I stay on the phone with you at least?"
 How was your day?
 Yeah?
" Look, nothing's easy. But I wouldn't be talking to you now if I didn't believe that it wasn't too late for us. So what are we doing here? I don't know about the rest of you, but I'm here to put on the best goddamn production of Hedda Gabler this supermax prison has ever seen! So let's take it back to Mrs. Elvsted's entrance, and remember, if you're on stage, I can see you, you're in character, you have an opinion about the return of Ejlert Løvborg. Oh, shit, is it 10,30 already? Okay, look, guys, I gotta go, but I'll be back tomorrow and we'll pick up rehearsals Monday. If everyone could be off-book by then,that would be phenomenal. Schlesinger, if you have time to fashion a shiv and organize a jump on the rats in Block C, you have time to learn your lines, 'kay? Priorities."
 Thanks for picking me up.
" You're extremely clever, can we go?"
" If this is my only other option, I choose prison."
 These are the clothes I went in with. I didn't know I'd be going to a wedding in a year.
" Officially, breaking and entering, but I think it was kind of for everything."
 Pardon?
 A favorite small plate lazy Susan restaurant? Hell if I know.
 I actually am a little hungry. Where could we get lunch around here?
" No? Oh, how about the diner? So, do you spend a lot of time with them, as a couple?"
 I can't believe she's getting married.
" Honestly, I thought it would be with nobody because I wasted all her best years."
" Well, joke's on me. I couldn't even waste the right years. I'm shocked she could get me out for the weekend."
 Few months.
 My main goal right now is just not screwing up this weekend.
 I'm sure I'll find a way. Mm. Can you get me another suit? You think Diane's gonna be there?
" I haven't talked to Diane since, uh...What about you? Are you seeing anyone?"
 What is this show?
 That's actually somewhat astute.
 Are all of your breakthroughs phrased like that?
 Ugh! W-What are we doing here? Is this where the wedding is?
 At the Griffith Observatory?
 You took me to a press event?
 Ah! No. What do you... I can't be here.
 I'm not ready for this.You gotta take me back to jail.
" No, I can't be around people. I can't face them, I'm not ready."
 I don't know! I never know. I just know that something bad is gonna happen if I go to that wedding.
 Yeah?
 You sure?
 Ugh. Hmm. Huh.
  What? What is it?
 What? Why?
  Okay.
 So... why did we need to be on the beach?
 Oh. Thanks. But then why are you on my shoulders?
" Okay, get down. Oh, okay."
 What? No. I'm just here for the wedding. I'm going back tomorrow.
" No, it's good. I think the routine is good for me. I'm staying out of trouble, at least."
" I'm trying to set little goals for myself. Like, in a couple months, I'll beat my record for being sober."
" Yeah, so that's...that's something to aim for, but then, uh, after that, um..."
 Sure. But it's easy now. In jail. I don't have to make any choices for myself. I worry about what's gonna happen when I get out. What if I relapse again?
 Uh-huh.
" ""The Hokey Pokey""?"
 That is what it's all about.
 Okay.
 What changed?
 Huh.
" Yeah, I don't know if the song writers put that much thought into the existential significance of the lyrics. They literally rhyme ""about"" with ""about."""
 Is that the point of art?
 I can't tell if you're being smart or stupid.
 I think you had it for a moment and then you lost it.
 Sure. It was nice while it lasted.
 Ugh! Huh! Not bad.
" Oh, my God,that was an incredible wedding."
" No, you produced the hell out of it."
" A little outside the box, as far as weddings go, but it worked in context."
" Congratulations. And Judah, too. Where is he?"
 Not 12?
 So your groom is doing paperwork during his own wedding reception?
 What?
 Does that really work?
" Well, I am offended I wasn't important enough for your real wedding, but I'm flattered I'm important enough for your industry one."
 What?
" No. Did you say ""Hollywoob""?"
" I'm not sure I should take on more projects. I started this drama program at prison and we're doing Hedda Gabler. I mean, it's not Strindberg, but, you know, we're having a good time. I thought that maybe when I got out, I could go back and volunteer."
" Yeah, but...  I didn't even think that I'd have other options. A year ago, everyone in this town hated me."
" Well, maybe there's a way I could do both? I've really enjoyed teaching. "
 Maybe I could direct something?
" Well, I mean, hold on. Yeah, I shouldn't just jump into something, but if there's a good opportunity, I'd be stupid not to take it, right? I mean, we both know how hard it is to get heat in this town."
" Hey, you wanna dance?"
 What?
" You know, I had this weird idea when I heard you were getting married that I'd get here and there'd be some disaster, and I knew that either I would cause it or, just maybe, I would be the only one who could fix it."
" Not like a ""disaster"" disaster, like a sitcom disaster, you know? Like, it would be time for the wedding and no one would know where to find you."
" Yeah. And I'd find you in some special spot and I'd say, ""Come on, it's time to go."" And you'd say,""What am I doing, BoJack?"""
" No, I would talk you into going through with it, and it would be like a symbolof how much I'd grown, that I could let you go."
" No, I mean, I'm happy for you. Just... it's a better story if you had cold feet."
 I guess you're right.
" Oh, I don't know. I would have said, uh, ""Come on, man. Do it."""
" No, no, no. I would- Okay. Hold on. Tell me what you're afraid of."
 Yeah.
 Holy shit.
" I don't know,those are some really good arguments."
" Okay, okay, look. Yes, all those things could be true, but on the other hand, what if you deserve to be happy and this is a thing that will make you happy? And maybe don't worry about whether you'll be happy later and just focus on how you're happy right now?"
" No. But you're here because, at some point, Princess Carolyn thought this was a good idea. And I think we oughta listen to her. Because she's the smartest woman I know."
" So, what do you think? Are you gonna marry him?"
" But you didn't need me to say any of that, did you?"
" Hey, if I do decide to get back into the business when I get out of prison... I mean, I probably won't, but if I do, I'm gonna need representation. Someone who can look out for me, help me make the right decisions, keep me out of trouble..."
 Thought I might find you here.
" Yeah, you look like you're trying really hard."
 I haven't seen you in a while. You doing okay?
 Sure.
 Who's Rick Riordan?
" Well, let's see, um, I've been getting into podcasts, went through a Sudoku phase, and, uh, oh, I'm in prison, so..."
" Oh, it's very much happening. I've also got a new movie coming out."
" I know what you're thinking, but he's-"
" I know you think I'm some kind of a sell-out, but it wasn't like other opportunities were banging down my door..."
" Because of ""Horny Unicorn""-"
 I just came out here to smoke. You came to me.
" About what? ""The Horny Unicorn""?"
 I just wanted to talk to you. I miss talking to you.
" Yeah, I know what you mean. I never know what to do with my hands at parties."
 Ooh.
" Look, I-I wasn't in the-"
 I'm sorry-
 I'm so sorry.
 No.
 I don't know. I was drunk and- and I was high. And I just... I wanted to talk to you.
 Are you still angry at me?
 I'm sorry.
 That was never your job.
" I am, too. So, you're still in Chicago, then, or...?"
" Oh, no."
" So, what, you broke up with him?"
 To be with your boyfriend at the time?
" But your boyfriend at the time, he's not your boyfriend anymore?"
 Wow.
 How'd you learn how to trust it?The happiness?
 It's hard to imagine you in Houston.
 Are you?
" Does she ever come back, that Diane?"
 But it's not you?
 What'd you think was gonna happen?
" But that didn't happen, did it?"
 But was part of you kinda hoping that it would?
 You ever miss the mess?
" Sorry, Miss."
 Yeah?
" ""Knew,"" huh?"
" Hey, wouldn't it be funny if this night was the last time we ever talked to each other? Um, anyway, "
 No. You don't have to You don't owe me anything.
 Wait.
 I know. I know. But can I just tell you a funny story?
" I don't wanna lie to you, it's only kind of funny. So we have this movie night at the prison, right? And we get to vote on what movies we wanna see. But of course the whole thing's rigged, because Big Andy's favorite movie is The Family Stone, so Big Andy gets his guys to vote for it every week, and so every week we watch The Family Stone."
" That's what I'm saying! So, one day I'm like, ""If I see Luke Wilson teach Sarah Jessica Parker how to let her freak flag fly one more time, I'm gonna snap."""
 No.
" What am I, a philistine? I support the arts, sue me."
" But I know a guy who volunteers in the library, which is where they keep the DVDs,so I make a deal with him. ""I'll give you my Jell-O for a month if The Family Stone goes missing."""
" So, movie might comes around,time for another Christmas in Connecticut, but then, uh-oh, the DVD's gone, what do we do? So Big Andy's getting really upset, and his guys are all riled, and then I go, ""Fellas, fellas, fellas! Why don't we watch Pieces of April this week? Change of pace. Patricia Clarkson's in it and..."""
 Prison riot.
" No. Worse. Big Andy falls in love with Pieces of April, so now we watch Pieces of April every week."
 Story of my life.
" Yeah, well, what are you gonna do? Life's a bitch and then you die, right?"
 Yeah.
 Yeah. This is nice.
